My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Ambiance very good Clean and tidy ,cleanness is outstanding Service excellent,cordial Food tasty and fresh
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We stay for three days Very good rooms and good hospitality very easy to access restaurants really fine
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had buffet with my family. Came back with only partial satisfaction. Service is very good. So is the ambience. But the buffet spread is not much to my liking; more oriented towards desserts, I felt. The paani-puri counter is a change from the usual.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good place , intimate atmosphere and exceptional food make this an excellent spot. The staff are attentive and very humble, its real good value for money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Such an awesome place !! food is exceptionally tasty, great ambience...nice experience..lavish spread of delicacies..superb.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience was good especially the food. Ample amount of cuisine. Good non veg, nice table experience and they always make sure that you are taken very well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Pleasant ambiance and tasty fare. Both the buffet and the a la carte were just as good. We ate here at least 3 or 4 times during our stay and they had enough variety to offer. The biryanis are especially good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a pleasant dining experience on 21st May, 2016. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm welcome with birthday cake. The main course were traditional with the most exquisite flavours, all the products were fresh. The restaurant also catered a large selection of salads and desserts. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy, live music and was comfortably full with seemingly satisfied customers. I have seen F&B Manager interacting with all, he discussed with my family in detail for their feedback indicating they take great care in hosting their patrons. I highly recommend Cafe Jade @ Hycinth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a dinner with family. The food was tasty & good that we ordered on a la carte. The setvice was wonderful.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great dinner at this hotel and found the service very good. Food was very tasty and the variety was good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Ambiance very good Clean and tidy ,cleanness is outstanding Service excellent,cordial Food tasty and fresh
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We stay for three days Very good rooms and good hospitality very easy to access restaurants really fine
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had buffet with my family. Came back with only partial satisfaction. Service is very good. So is the ambience. But the buffet spread is not much to my liking; more oriented towards desserts, I felt. The paani-puri counter is a change from the usual.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good place , intimate atmosphere and exceptional food make this an excellent spot. The staff are attentive and very humble, its real good value for money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Such an awesome place !! food is exceptionally tasty, great ambience...nice experience..lavish spread of delicacies..superb.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience was good especially the food. Ample amount of cuisine. Good non veg, nice table experience and they always make sure that you are taken very well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Pleasant ambiance and tasty fare. Both the buffet and the a la carte were just as good. We ate here at least 3 or 4 times during our stay and they had enough variety to offer. The biryanis are especially good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a pleasant dining experience on 21st May, 2016. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm welcome with birthday cake. The main course were traditional with the most exquisite flavours, all the products were fresh. The restaurant also catered a large selection of salads and desserts. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy, live music and was comfortably full with seemingly satisfied customers. I have seen F&B Manager interacting with all, he discussed with my family in detail for their feedback indicating they take great care in hosting their patrons. I highly recommend Cafe Jade @ Hycinth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a dinner with family. The food was tasty & good that we ordered on a la carte. The setvice was wonderful.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great dinner at this hotel and found the service very good. Food was very tasty and the variety was good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had buffet dinner and buffet break fast when we stayed in the hotel.. There was a lot of varities. Food was very tasty..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
well organised plàce in city ...everything nearby in d market...great food ...good hospitality by people of Hycinth
One of the good hotel in Trivandrum. Was waiting for long for the Oriental feast. And it was worth. The lay out was simply awsome. The variety offered was really great. With the number of items on the menu for both Veg and Non Veg was fantastic. Could not ask for more. Taste and preparation cannot be explained in words. The ambiance was good. Service and looking after guests was great. A great experience. Looking forward for next fest
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A great place to dine in. Celebrated my dad's birthday there . A cake was brought in by surprise and a gift was also given to my dad!! It was the Oriental Themed Buffet, with an excellent spread and must mention the food was fantastic. The staff was very courteous and kept checking with us regularly if we needed anything.Would like to thank Mr Sunil Yeluri who introduced us to this Hotel and restaurant and also patiently helped us to all our needs. Mr Santosh Sinha, the Assistant F&B Manager, his hospitality was excellent. Felt like a VVIP guest. Our overall experience went beyond our expectations. Once again a big thank you to the wonderful staff for their fantastic service with smiles. Would definitely recommend to visit this restaurant .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It's definitely a wonderful place to dine out with the family. Food was perfect. As though made to order. The staff was the plus point here. Very professional and courteous. Ambience in the hotel was another great aspect. Will definitely go there again with family.
Dear Mr. Joseph,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback.  We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the Hycinth By Sparsa, Trivandrum.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed in this hotel for 2days. It was a great stay there. The food was good and I can truely say that being a North Indian. The WiFi was way too fun as the speed of it was 10mbps.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
All the team of Mr. Jeyakumar was there to win our smiles. Everything was very good beyond expectation.it was truly a memorable trip. Thanks to hycinth and cafe jade.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
nice restro with live music, and very huge selection of buffet. they have the al a carte as well but i wed def recommend the buffet as it provides value for money. staff service is exceptional. def trying.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Breakfast is very good for north indian and south indian.there are multiple choise for breakfast.cold drinks are also included in breakfast
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
According to its a one of the best Cafes in India. Very Very helpful and eversmiling staff. Very good quality and variety of food. Everyone should enjoy the hospitality atleast once. I will visit again and again there.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Ambiance very good Clean and tidy ,cleanness is outstanding Service excellent,cordial Food tasty and fresh
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We stay for three days Very good rooms and good hospitality very easy to access restaurants really fine
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had buffet with my family. Came back with only partial satisfaction. Service is very good. So is the ambience. But the buffet spread is not much to my liking; more oriented towards desserts, I felt. The paani-puri counter is a change from the usual.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good place , intimate atmosphere and exceptional food make this an excellent spot. The staff are attentive and very humble, its real good value for money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Such an awesome place !! food is exceptionally tasty, great ambience...nice experience..lavish spread of delicacies..superb.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience was good especially the food. Ample amount of cuisine. Good non veg, nice table experience and they always make sure that you are taken very well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Pleasant ambiance and tasty fare. Both the buffet and the a la carte were just as good. We ate here at least 3 or 4 times during our stay and they had enough variety to offer. The biryanis are especially good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a pleasant dining experience on 21st May, 2016. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm welcome with birthday cake. The main course were traditional with the most exquisite flavours, all the products were fresh. The restaurant also catered a large selection of salads and desserts. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy, live music and was comfortably full with seemingly satisfied customers. I have seen F&B Manager interacting with all, he discussed with my family in detail for their feedback indicating they take great care in hosting their patrons. I highly recommend Cafe Jade @ Hycinth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a dinner with family. The food was tasty & good that we ordered on a la carte. The setvice was wonderful.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great dinner at this hotel and found the service very good. Food was very tasty and the variety was good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had buffet dinner and buffet break fast when we stayed in the hotel.. There was a lot of varities. Food was very tasty..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
well organised plàce in city ...everything nearby in d market...great food ...good hospitality by people of Hycinth
One of the good hotel in Trivandrum. Was waiting for long for the Oriental feast. And it was worth. The lay out was simply awsome. The variety offered was really great. With the number of items on the menu for both Veg and Non Veg was fantastic. Could not ask for more. Taste and preparation cannot be explained in words. The ambiance was good. Service and looking after guests was great. A great experience. Looking forward for next fest
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A great place to dine in. Celebrated my dad's birthday there . A cake was brought in by surprise and a gift was also given to my dad!! It was the Oriental Themed Buffet, with an excellent spread and must mention the food was fantastic. The staff was very courteous and kept checking with us regularly if we needed anything.Would like to thank Mr Sunil Yeluri who introduced us to this Hotel and restaurant and also patiently helped us to all our needs. Mr Santosh Sinha, the Assistant F&B Manager, his hospitality was excellent. Felt like a VVIP guest. Our overall experience went beyond our expectations. Once again a big thank you to the wonderful staff for their fantastic service with smiles. Would definitely recommend to visit this restaurant .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It's definitely a wonderful place to dine out with the family. Food was perfect. As though made to order. The staff was the plus point here. Very professional and courteous. Ambience in the hotel was another great aspect. Will definitely go there again with family.
Dear Mr. Joseph,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback.  We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the Hycinth By Sparsa, Trivandrum.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed in this hotel for 2days. It was a great stay there. The food was good and I can truely say that being a North Indian. The WiFi was way too fun as the speed of it was 10mbps.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
All the team of Mr. Jeyakumar was there to win our smiles. Everything was very good beyond expectation.it was truly a memorable trip. Thanks to hycinth and cafe jade.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
nice restro with live music, and very huge selection of buffet. they have the al a carte as well but i wed def recommend the buffet as it provides value for money. staff service is exceptional. def trying.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Breakfast is very good for north indian and south indian.there are multiple choise for breakfast.cold drinks are also included in breakfast
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
According to its a one of the best Cafes in India. Very Very helpful and eversmiling staff. Very good quality and variety of food. Everyone should enjoy the hospitality atleast once. I will visit again and again there.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food and ambience was amazing.. loads of food on the special sunday brunch!!! Live music was like the cherry on top of a cake.. thanks!!
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The hotel provides a very comfortable stay..the staff is very courteous...overall a perfect stay to enjoy gods own country Kerala..
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff is amazing. . hotel is also well versed . . they gave complimentry cake nd celebrate our anniversary. . it was heart touching.. Thanks for all the efforts u hv done. . nd ur team was excellent
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff was very helpful and friendly ,the food was good and the price was average . The buffet had a nice variety but the deserts were not that great
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a wonderful time, want for a family get together, Cafejade made it best and unforgettable. Had best food after a long time. You can get best north and kerala dishes. Will visit again for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The view of restaurant was awesome. i came with my family n enjoyed the food as well as the cheering face of all the staff. Met with the Man came to know why staff is so cheerful. All my wishes to all staff . THANKSSS...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food is available all day from breakfast to dinner, the business lunch buffet is first class and the surroundings very good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb taste with all variety of breakfast menu. Not able to taste all. Excellent services by their team and nicely maintained
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Buffet for Lunch & dinner offered by Hycinth is Total Value for Money. There is a dedicated Chef who moves around to check the feedback & they run an extra mile to ensure Guest delight. The South Indian dishes & desserts were excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I used to dine here during my 2 week stay here. Apart from that, we've had our business meets here. I've dined from Cafe Jade multiple times. They mostly serve excellent food. I like the kind of desserts they come up with as well. They had always made sure that they have a multitude of cuisines to suit people from different places.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Ambiance very good Clean and tidy ,cleanness is outstanding Service excellent,cordial Food tasty and fresh
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We stay for three days Very good rooms and good hospitality very easy to access restaurants really fine
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had buffet with my family. Came back with only partial satisfaction. Service is very good. So is the ambience. But the buffet spread is not much to my liking; more oriented towards desserts, I felt. The paani-puri counter is a change from the usual.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good place , intimate atmosphere and exceptional food make this an excellent spot. The staff are attentive and very humble, its real good value for money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Such an awesome place !! food is exceptionally tasty, great ambience...nice experience..lavish spread of delicacies..superb.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience was good especially the food. Ample amount of cuisine. Good non veg, nice table experience and they always make sure that you are taken very well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Pleasant ambiance and tasty fare. Both the buffet and the a la carte were just as good. We ate here at least 3 or 4 times during our stay and they had enough variety to offer. The biryanis are especially good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a pleasant dining experience on 21st May, 2016. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm welcome with birthday cake. The main course were traditional with the most exquisite flavours, all the products were fresh. The restaurant also catered a large selection of salads and desserts. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy, live music and was comfortably full with seemingly satisfied customers. I have seen F&B Manager interacting with all, he discussed with my family in detail for their feedback indicating they take great care in hosting their patrons. I highly recommend Cafe Jade @ Hycinth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a dinner with family. The food was tasty & good that we ordered on a la carte. The setvice was wonderful.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great dinner at this hotel and found the service very good. Food was very tasty and the variety was good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had buffet dinner and buffet break fast when we stayed in the hotel.. There was a lot of varities. Food was very tasty..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
well organised plàce in city ...everything nearby in d market...great food ...good hospitality by people of Hycinth
One of the good hotel in Trivandrum. Was waiting for long for the Oriental feast. And it was worth. The lay out was simply awsome. The variety offered was really great. With the number of items on the menu for both Veg and Non Veg was fantastic. Could not ask for more. Taste and preparation cannot be explained in words. The ambiance was good. Service and looking after guests was great. A great experience. Looking forward for next fest
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A great place to dine in. Celebrated my dad's birthday there . A cake was brought in by surprise and a gift was also given to my dad!! It was the Oriental Themed Buffet, with an excellent spread and must mention the food was fantastic. The staff was very courteous and kept checking with us regularly if we needed anything.Would like to thank Mr Sunil Yeluri who introduced us to this Hotel and restaurant and also patiently helped us to all our needs. Mr Santosh Sinha, the Assistant F&B Manager, his hospitality was excellent. Felt like a VVIP guest. Our overall experience went beyond our expectations. Once again a big thank you to the wonderful staff for their fantastic service with smiles. Would definitely recommend to visit this restaurant .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It's definitely a wonderful place to dine out with the family. Food was perfect. As though made to order. The staff was the plus point here. Very professional and courteous. Ambience in the hotel was another great aspect. Will definitely go there again with family.
Dear Mr. Joseph,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback.  We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the Hycinth By Sparsa, Trivandrum.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed in this hotel for 2days. It was a great stay there. The food was good and I can truely say that being a North Indian. The WiFi was way too fun as the speed of it was 10mbps.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
All the team of Mr. Jeyakumar was there to win our smiles. Everything was very good beyond expectation.it was truly a memorable trip. Thanks to hycinth and cafe jade.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
nice restro with live music, and very huge selection of buffet. they have the al a carte as well but i wed def recommend the buffet as it provides value for money. staff service is exceptional. def trying.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Breakfast is very good for north indian and south indian.there are multiple choise for breakfast.cold drinks are also included in breakfast
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
According to its a one of the best Cafes in India. Very Very helpful and eversmiling staff. Very good quality and variety of food. Everyone should enjoy the hospitality atleast once. I will visit again and again there.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food and ambience was amazing.. loads of food on the special sunday brunch!!! Live music was like the cherry on top of a cake.. thanks!!
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The hotel provides a very comfortable stay..the staff is very courteous...overall a perfect stay to enjoy gods own country Kerala..
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff is amazing. . hotel is also well versed . . they gave complimentry cake nd celebrate our anniversary. . it was heart touching.. Thanks for all the efforts u hv done. . nd ur team was excellent
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff was very helpful and friendly ,the food was good and the price was average . The buffet had a nice variety but the deserts were not that great
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a wonderful time, want for a family get together, Cafejade made it best and unforgettable. Had best food after a long time. You can get best north and kerala dishes. Will visit again for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The view of restaurant was awesome. i came with my family n enjoyed the food as well as the cheering face of all the staff. Met with the Man came to know why staff is so cheerful. All my wishes to all staff . THANKSSS...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food is available all day from breakfast to dinner, the business lunch buffet is first class and the surroundings very good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb taste with all variety of breakfast menu. Not able to taste all. Excellent services by their team and nicely maintained
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Buffet for Lunch & dinner offered by Hycinth is Total Value for Money. There is a dedicated Chef who moves around to check the feedback & they run an extra mile to ensure Guest delight. The South Indian dishes & desserts were excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I used to dine here during my 2 week stay here. Apart from that, we've had our business meets here. I've dined from Cafe Jade multiple times. They mostly serve excellent food. I like the kind of desserts they come up with as well. They had always made sure that they have a multitude of cuisines to suit people from different places.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We dined here for majority of our stay in Trvandrum about eight times over bfast and dinner. The live counters were interesting and the spread was sumptuous. Chef Padmanabhan tossed an interesting mixed veg Indian concoction on request. The chocolate pastry dessert on request was also delicious as compared to the regular spread. Makes more sense to go in for Buffet breakfast as compared to A la Carte. Though I heard another guest complaining that the Bfast non-veg fare was very limited. The south Indian fare was delightful comprising Idly, Dosas, Uttappas Vadas are the things to experiment wight he assortment of Chutneys (Flavouring pastes).
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
food average but service n ambiance above par....could try if staying at Hycinth.its the restaurant at hycinth. breakfast is good enough but lunch n dinner are average.could try some better options nearby.
I had the lunch buffet (499 R) at Cafe Jade today and was very happy with my experience. They have a wide selection of options from salads, soups, veg options, non veg, breads, and dessert. I enjoyed the quality and taste of the food as well as the cleanliness and service within the restaurant. The staff are helpful and replenish as well and maintain the buffet area. I find access to fresh raw vegetables really difficult in India because of hygiene concerns so I was so happy to finally get some fresh vegetables without worrying if I was going to get sick. I'm looking forward to my breakfast at Cafe Jade tomorrow morning.
Me and family tried all three available buffet in the restaurant - breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our response was same - food is marvelous and service even better. They will pamper you and if you have kids - they will be pampered even more. Food has great variety - South Indian, North Indian and Continental. Staff speaks good English, Hindi and Malayalam and they are eager to help in selecting food and explaining them. Taste of food is great and all things were fresh. Wonderful place to have food. Only down side is cost is on bit higher side.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I really liked the staffs there very polite and courteous good food , dinner buffet slightly expensive ambience good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
See my review of Hycinth Hotel for more complete details: Cafe Jade is an excellent restaurant, certainly worth a visit.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Starting with huge breakfast buffet, also lunch and dinner buffet and all day à la carte dining. Very good kitchen, extremely friendly staff.  Dishes from different parts of India and all over the world.  Great atmosphere etching the garden.  Didn't want to leave this fantastic hotel at all.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food was awesome & the staff were too pleasant.I hope i visit again very shortly. Can recommend it very highly.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Very efficient and helping staff. Food varieties must be increased which will further add on the the overall very excellent experience of the hotel
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We recently visited Cafe Jade with family. The restaurant is small for families with children. The menu has a good choice of dishes with some exotic ones. The staff are friendly . There was also an in house singer . The only issue we had was that the portions were quite small  Overall a good option
My first visit for the lunch meal/thali/sadya was on Thiru Onam (September, 2019). I thought the meal was just special on that day.  Today, I went again. Once again, the sadya was simply special---that too, with four payasams! Apart from that, 4 pickles, 4 curd-based curries, 4 vegetable dishes, banana-chips-n-jaggery savoury, papad, banana, choice of white or chamba rice, parippu/dal with as much ghee you want, sambhar, buttermilk, moru and rasam. All unlimited, even payasam. Have I missed anything?  But, what stood out today is the service. Do you know another place (packed with people) where the owner attends to customers? He even brought a basket of papads for us when he saw that one of us enjoyed papad with payasam. We did not even ask for it. His employees/colleagues seemed to share the same enthusiasm, right down to the person assisting at the car park in front. They were that attentive. They brought extra bananas, served with a smile, even had time to joke with us, made sure we enjoyed a Kerala sadya the way it should be enjoyed. I have never felt so satisfied at a place.
It was interesting to be there with my guests for a Kerala Style Sadya... On a plantain leaf, it was served with a range of dishes and 4 different varieties of payasam( a typical kerala sweet dessert, in a rather liquid form) The other curries and the quality of serving did not match the style and grandeur of the meal, still it was a great experience. The suppliers were taking short cut to serve above the plate of the guy sitting next to you, rather than coming to your side and serving in proper manner.
One of the best place in Kerala to have variety of dosa. Nice place for comfortable family dining, in budget way
Super vegetarian restaurant. Everyday kerala traditional feast is served. So many dishes with payasam
Overall good experience,parking space available good hygiene and air condition hall..variety of dosa also available other than their Sadhya which I liked most must visit with when in trivendram
The lunch menu which resembles the traditional onam sadhya of kerala is their main attraction. Such is the taste, that you will bee prompted to order more.
Schezwan Dosa, that too 3 in number I had. One hell of a dosa it was. Their dosa varieties are very famous I think. Person nearby my seat was also ordering some variety of dosa from their menu.
I am heavily amazed by the varieties, Schezwan, mysore masala dosa, I had these two and the taste is simply spell binding. All were in awe of the lunch, but am in awe of the dosas here.
We went for dinner and as soon as we entered we realised that it was a huge mistake to come. Place was overcrowded to say the least. Limited food options and weird looking drink being served to all the customers. We were so put off that we didn’t order and left.
Mothers Vedge is the best place to get sadhia. Served on a banana leave with outstanding quality. On sadhia is 180 INR and it’s worth it.
Great food and great staff. Delicious. Easily reachable by auto. Had a great time. Payasams are great
How can they serve such sadya(Meals in Malayalam) all the days, that too these many cuisines. 4 type of kheers? Heavenly experience. Please do visit.
365 days a year lunch, 4 paayasam, immensely tasty cusines. Ho, my mouth is full of water now. Must must go to place.
Had a evening tea/dinner there... Dosas and puri were good.. tried uthappam which was not good... was able to find park right in front of hotel... There was a little bit of wait time for someo e to take the orders but after that it was all smooth...
Been to this restaurant for a couple of times to indulge in some delicious vegetarian food. Different types of dosas are the main speciality. To add on to that, a special emotion to the Sadhya available on all the 365 calendar days and it’s just for ₹180, which I believe is quite reasonable for the quantity of the food. My personal favorite dosas are Podi Dosa, Cheese Dosa and Jini Dosa.
We placed order for two Onam Sadhya. Full Payment of close to Rs. 900 per person [yes you read it right. It was a total of whooping Rs. 1800 for 2 packs] was collected earlier itself[when we tool the coupons]. My dad went to collect the Sadhya by 11:30 AM since we were told while collecting the coupons that the Sadhya would be ready by then. There were close to 100 people already in the queue by then.  Within 30 mins, the queue grew to more than 200, I believe. They did not have the food / parcels ready by then. All the people who were supposed to pack food was busy serving Sadhya to the people inside. As per my understanding, since the money for parcel was already collected[two days in advance], they were concentrating on the live Sadhya serving since it would be the current profit which they would be getting.  I had been to this hotel earlier and had faced delays but not like this. This time, we ended up getting the boxes by 1:30 PM. This is not any exaggeration. Again, the rice was under cooked and there were 5 Payasams. 1 payasam[parippu] was good but for the remaining 3, it was more of same Jaggery water mixed with different boiled things like, ada, wheat etc. and 1 paal payasam was too watery.  When they received the coupon order earlier itself, they should have packed and kept everything ready based on the coupons sold. I am not at all a fan of wasting food, but this was the limit. I really hated the way these guys handled the demand. It was horrible experience especially considering the fact that they were exploiting the demand in the market!!  Issues with Onam Sadhya 2019: - Exorbitantly Expensive - Poor Quality - Poor Management
Had booked food parcel for 15 people on the Thiruvonam day (11th September) . Paid the full amount on the 10th evening and was assured that the food would be ready for collection at 12 pm in time for lunch . Arrived at restaurant at 12 and found a queue of over 200 people waiting . The food parcels were not ready and very few members of staff to deliver the parcels . Had to stand in the queue for over 2.5 hrs to get the Sadya parcel . Unfortunately couldn’t leave and ask for refund as there were limited options to get the meal on Thiruvonam day in trivandrum for 15 people . There was limited communication from the restaurant staff except saying that food would arrive - arrive it did in trickles resulting in severe delays . The restaurant should not have taken orders if it could not deliver . At the very least they could have allocated adequate staff to man the counter and deliver the parcels . I witnessed heated arguments between customers who were frustrated at standing for long hours . Thankfully there were no scuffles although there was a lot of jostling. I was surprised to witness the level of hygiene or rather lack of it . Torn sacks of vegetables were left outside ( often trampled by the customers waiting in the queue) with overflowing bins of waste food accumulating near the delivery counter . Water was seeping through and mixing with the vegetables on the sacks . The quality of the food was very poor - rice was undercooked and the curry’s were at best average . The payasams were below par . I am surprised to see the positive reviews (this is my first experience- and definitely the last ) . If this is an aberration or a one off ( I would be surprised looking at the attitude of the staff and unhygienic environment) then management needs to pull up it socks as in this day and age Customers deserve better !
Food tastes good, is traditional and comes on a banana leave. But they want you to come, eat as fast as possible and go out. Not relaxing. Also to be honest the food is a lot. They love to explain to white people what the health benefits are. Well, they give serveral over-sweetend desserts. Some are liquid and you should drink them out of your hand. But give it a try, it's a good experience and vegetarian.
A very good place for veg food in Thiruvanathapuram. Good varieties of dosas in the evening and tasty breakfast options. Service is a bit slow in the morning and also the tea they serve is not the best. They have year round sadhya meals which is very good. Rest all a good spacious restaurant. Parking could become an issue during rush hours.
Quite ok to eat at the restaurant but over crowded. NEVER order online bcoz they miss out many items and charge much more.......this is definitely intentional as it has happened to me thrice.
Delicious food for reasonable price. Sandhya on all days and very delicious. Main attractive is it's only vegetarian.
Its a must try for guys who visit tvm.fof locals it's just a sadhya we eat on one or any occasion or any hindu wedding ...but non malayalees must try it especially with 4 payasam . This style sadhya you will never get except tvm.go for it rather than taste of money it's the experience.....
Me and my girlfriend visited them and then kept coming back for the next two days. We ordered a Sadhya and some dosas for the first time, not only the food was amazing, but the staff ended us explaining the ingredients and how to correctly eat them. The results was that we ended up overeating not once but several times in the next couple of days!! I highly recommend.
No words ,after a great meal had to crawl out and had wonderful sleep. Felt like an annaconda. Enjoy take sadhya only.
Good place for a properly laid traditional kerala sadya meals. Vegetarian. Served on banana leaves. Well done flavours and spices.. busy and may need to wait in a queue. No reservations. Not a great ambience but fairly priced. Place to experience a nice sadya for nostalgia or to try once if not had one before.
Got feedback from many of my friends who had visited this place when they are in trivandrum and find to be one of the worthy choice, simple and economical. Recommended to those who want to have a vegetarian treat in trivandrum
Visited this restaurant with my family tried 3 varieties of dosa. taste was ok but they are using lot of oil
An authentic place for Kerala vegetarian Lunch, lavish varieties with 4 types of Payasam. Tasting varieties Payasam with Banana, poppadam, Boli makes more tastier. A must place for everyday lunch. for dinner try varieties of mouth watering Dosas. I visit for lunch and dinner everyday during my stay. regards, Sundaresh
Liked this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambience is also quite well. Sadhya is the speciality.
We reached Mothers Veg Plaza around 04:00 pm for lunch. Kerala Sadhaya was available even at that time and few of us opted for that and rest went for dosa items. The spread for Kerala Sadhya was huge and all dishes were very tasty - especially all of us loved the the fresh mango pickle. The service of waitress Ms. Thanki was unbelievable - she was literally feeding / pampering us as a sister or even a mother would do at home. We haven't seen service of this quality anywhere. She was insisting us to taste all four payasams of which the wheat payasam was really good.  Great restaurant with great service and excellent food.
It was really amazing experience. If any one visit Kerala I personally recommend to visit this place to have Kerala food.
If want to try out original authentic kerala food and you are in Trivandrum then this is the best place to crash in. I never had such super veg items before. I ate like mad, my stomach got full but heart was asking for more.
Just visited the venue and the service is great. The food was the BEST I have eaten in a long time. There were 6 times of chutney and pickle. Kerala and regular rice. 2types of Daal, 4types of veggies, papad, banana, kerala chips, etc etc. Cost 180Rs. For unlimited fresh sumptuous food. Def going to visit again ASAP.
We had gone to the restaurant to have the authentic Kerala Sadya, but unfortunately, it is not served at dinner time. So we tried the 7* uttapam and a plate of variety dosa. The food was tasty and flavorful. The variety dosa plate had about 5 mini dosas. There is a wide and different variety of dosas on the menu like pizza dosa, Mexican dosa, pasta dosa, Chinese dosa.
We had breakfast form here. Ordered special dosa, dry fruit dosa and jini dosa. All were tasty and lot of quantity.
Its the best restaurant in the city you can afford, if you are a veg lover, especially the traditional sadya, mmmmm its yummy ...
Oh dear Gods what is this magical place? Were the first thoughts that came to my mind as I started to try the many selections of dosa we had ordered. I was here with my husband's family who are locals and I proceeded to astound them and myself with the amount of food I consumed. This was hands down the best dosa I have ever had! We finished with pineapple pudding & I went into a food coma. The service was also impeccable. Sorry, I forgot to take pictures of out food before I devoured it but here is our lovely family instead .
No doubt, if you wanted to try a tasty and stupendous Kerala traditional sadhya served on Banana leaf, just visit this place. The quality of food is indeed good, and the service is much superior. They will help you how to try the Sadhya in traditional way. The payasams in the end makes it a perfect climax. When you consider the quality of food and service the cost is too low. This is located again in the heart of the city. Yes, i major precaution you should take before visiting the restaurant is "KINDLY STARVE FOR OVERNIGHT AND GO"
Really good food, enjoyed the meals at noon time. The place is always busy and the owner and staff are very attentive to your needs.
if you are a sadhya monger this is the place to be. you will get traditional kerala sadhyas with aviyal,thoran,olan, kichadies,pickles,paruppu,sambar,rasam butter milk and 4 varrities of payasam ,with boli and bananas .. walk in and relish tummy full of yummy kerala sadhya.
This place is famous, especially, for Sadya. Several delicious items along with different "Payasams" (deserts) makes this traditional dish more awesome! Am a frequent visitor for Sadya and yet not urge to try other items apart from Sadya.
Took my British husband and family to experience true kerala sadya. Very attentive and friendly service. Not posh, normal settings. Fixed price payed at front desk. Good experience.
Had a lot about this place, so wanted to try out. Ordered peas masala and parotta. It was not exceptional, it was just Ok. The ambience was also strictly Ok. They have a good name and the potential is huge, but they need to realise it. Nothing extra ordinary about this. Guess their meals is what attracts customers, but more restaurants are going to do the same.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
Actually we did not visit the place but ordered SADAY meals through under eats. The parcel ( a box) contained about 25 dishes in all with a plantain leaf as plate. The quality and taste are ok. Each meal priced Rs250/-.
Lovely and nice , many options on the menu, if you want to have the banana leaf experience then be there by 4 because its finished by that time
More hype than substance. Visited for breakfast today. No proper menu only word by mouth. Ordered puttu but cancelled due to non availability of accompanied dish. Ordered masala dosa ordinary.
We had traditional Kerala sadya from this restaurant. Great food including wide range of payasam. Quite reasonable pricing. The portions get refilled up on request.  It gets quite busy during lunch time, so if you are looking to get there at peak lunch hours, you would probably might have to be on a queue.  Also there are not many parking lots, but the guard outside was doing a great job to get the cars in and out.  Overall: Very satisfied !!
Lovely malyalee banana leaf rice. Had the sadya feast. Strange to eat payasam on the banana leaf but I guess that’s how it’s done here.
This one of vegetarian hotel near fly over junction -delicious tiffin meals will be served which ilke
Food tasted really great. We ordered A la carte from the available options. Must say Paneer Butter Masala was very good. Chapatis were served hot. Only downside, you must wait patiently for 10-15 min after ordering.
The place is really crowded during the lunch time. But it is worth the wait. The sadya (feast) is very tasty and rich with several curries.
Very good restaurant... went for lunch... kerala sadya was super... with four payasams.. staff are very good.. good service..they also have various varieties of dosa..
Authentic Kerela meals...explains why the place was so crowded...avoid visiting on Weekends or holidays. Service automatically goes down....a week day will give you a better experience
Their Kerala style veg feasts for lunch are the best bets. Available in two categories - normal meals and feasts - the meals to stick to the Trivandrum tradition and generally tasty. The feast, priced around Rs. 188 per person, is heavy with four types of payasams and can induce sleep in the next two hours.  During evenings, Jini Dosa is their best pick. It's a kind of Masla Dosa with Chinese Style Masala. They offer other kinds of typical vegetarian cuisine as well
My husband and I had lunch here as recommended by our driver. We ordered the sandhya. It was amazing!!! I have never experience this type of meal before but what we think was the owner /manager explained to us step by step. I can not thank you enough for your kind hospitality. We left feeling very full but very satisfied. A complete meal and no gas or bloating afterward. This restaraunt is a must stop for any foodies worldwide. I will also be writing about our experience to lonely planet and hopefully they will feature this place in their next edition.
The restaurant is usually crowded during lunch time. The spread is the best available in town with all possible varieties of curries, pickles, parippu (dal) sambar, rasam, pulisseri, moru and payasam. Takeways are available in pre-packed boxes. You can also try three to four varieties of payasam in half and one litre packs.
If you really want to taste good home made sadhya, you have got to visit Mothers Veg plaza. This is my forth year having tasty, lip smacking paysam. If you are a first timer, please be ready for multiple rounds of yummy food. You get regular meals and you get sadhya, please ask for Sadhya (not that meals is any lesser). A must go to place in Trivandrum. Oh BTW , you get Sadhya only in the afternoon, the restaurant transforms into this very creative place in the evening serving multitude varieties of Dosa.
A must visit place for all food lovers. Their vegetarian lunch is very popular and rightly so. At 180 Rs per head we get to experience the magic of Kerala vegetarian cuisine with unlimited portions. Truly a vegetarian food lover’s paradise.
Very good service. Feels like family. Waiting time less. പായസം super. Repeated serving is there. Onam meals 365 days a year. Very busy place. You can buy parcels also
Awesome food and service. Liked the part that someone goes around explaining about the food n how it is to be eaten in terms of it being authentic Kerala veg Sadya.
Went in last Sunday. As usual the place was crowded. Waited for 10 minutes and finally someone came to get us seated, but he disappeared after that. Then after 15 mins got seated. We had to find the seat. Seating is very average. Low cost chair and tables. Typical vegetarian foods like dosa, chapati, etc. There are different varieties of dosas. We ordered jini dosa. It's great. It costs RS 130 though. Also ordered masala dosa as parcel. We also ordered Apple and papaya shake but I did not like it. Hotel management has to take care off customers. It looks like it's minimum investment maximum gain. They really don't care if we don't get a place to sit. Saw a family coming in after us and left after seeing no space. A little bit of customer service will have a lasting affect. Will not be visiting here again.
On our way to a temple shrine in Kerala ,we had reached Trivandrum and wanted to have simple veg food .A friend of ours recommended this place , we were a group of 7 people .not very keen on food but were particular about it being pure vegetarian, We reached the place and it was jam packed on a Sunday afternoon , we had to wait for 15 mins and we got the place and this was one of the best foody experience for me. First of all in-spite of so much rush ,the crowd management and the staff were very adept in there jobs. There was never a sense of urgency in service, making it a delightful experience of having lunch there. Special mention has to be made of Mr Sanal Kumar who was explaining the details of each and every part of traditional kerala sadya ,that we were having. Each and every food item was very good , but special mention has to be made of the four types of Payasams ,made of jaggery ,beetroot ,vermicelli and dal that was also too good. We were also gently reminded not to waste any food , and the food itself was so good that though our stomachs were filled , but heart did not want to stop. All good things have to come to an end ,and what a way to end it with a banana, very nice.
A lot of variety of Vegetarian food available and especially Kerala specialties are excellent Lunch is the best part
This is a place visitors can enjoy the ONA SADHYA during 365 days. All items are very tasty. They will serve you unlimited food in Benana Leaves only. One should book the entry in advance by net or to reach the place little early as there will be a minimum crowd for lunch and dinner time.
Awesome food. We are North Indian staying at Andhra Pradesh so we love meals and here we find very good meals but we thought in Trivandrum Kerala we thought food might not be so tasty as in Andhra but our prediction was wrong it was equally tasty and would love to visit again n again
Yesterday due to a major oversight I realized minutes before guests (50 numbers)were arriving for a sadya meal that the venue of the occasion had not arranged any catering. We frantically called many food outlets. At 11.45 AM me and my brother reached Mothers Plaza hoping something could be done. To our great relief not only could they immediately pack and mobilize service staff with the food the manager himself drove the van to our venue as a driver was not available. The guests stared arriving by 12.30 and Mothers Plaza has the meals laid out by 1PM as planned. The food was excellent and the crisis was over thanks to Mothers Plaza. No other organization in the city as we tried could take this challenge to rescue us. A great embarrassment saved thanks to Mothers Plaza.
I gave treat to my brother, from another state. He was having sadhya for the first time and he loved it. I was also happy to give him the right food treat
The place was overflowing with people. It seems to be very popular for an elaborate Kerala Sadhya on banana leaf.  Chaotic yet systematic. The turn over of people eating here is huge. There's a steady stream of people coming in and going out.  The owner of the restaurant is also seen making rounds and interacting with customers.  The number of dishes served is the USP of this restaurant.  But somewhere along the line the taste has been compromised. Aviyal lacked flavour, puli inji was dismal, rasam...less said the better.  Four types of payasams...too sweet and no distinct flavours came through. All ended tasting similar.  What put me off was the waiter placing the serving dish on top of used/ eaten banana leaf, while serving us. Speaks of lack of training.  Having so many items doesn't make up for lack of flavour in the food.
Me and my friends went here just to take a look at the place try the food and it was really good and tasty and the service there was also very good but it was very crowded its because of their taste food
The one point which i want to convey to the management of mother's veg plaza is to train the lady who is sitting as a cashier to smile at the costomer.If i am looking at her it seems to be like i am having food with her money.  The graetest part all other staffs are amazing .They are really costomer friendly.There is an uncle who is wearing a spects ,a lady who is always wearing a green t shirt they are amazing.A part from the first thing i am very happy to dine at mothers veg plaza.
Our driver recommended this place as an authentic local place. We had the Sadhya and a Jini Dosa. We asked for the Sadhya on plates instead of the banana leaf, as the banana leaf was wet with water and as foreign tourists this would have been risky. The Sadhya was spicy but a good experience as you got to try lots of different things. The Jini Dosa was also quite tasty. Cheap and a cool experience. Don't expect much of an ambience but the service was very attentive for us.
Most of us North Indians imagine all South Indian food to comprise of Dosa, Idli, Sambhar and medu vada. I was no different till the time i visited Kerala. Its not that i hadn't been to Southern states, i was familiar with Chennai, Bangaluru, Mysore, but i had never ventured this lose to the tropic of Cancer. So like a typical North Indian, i had Dosa for breakfast and then went looking for Dosa again for lunch. After people gave me quizzical looks, i realised that i was going drastically wrong and did some research (just a fancy way of saying i asked my driver). I came to know that 'Sadhya' is something i should try and it is that assortment of dishes on a Banana leaf that one sees on TV.  So, i landed up in this restaurant and my god what a find it was. The place was teeming with customers, forget getting your own table and please leave your convent educated eating habits at the door. This place is as authentic as it gets. So get ready to share your table with strangers, eat with your fingers and on a lovely Banana leaf.  The rates are absurdly reasonable at jusr Rs 170 a plate. The meal consisted of 4 kinds of Dals (lentil stew), 5 kinds of vegetables, an assortment of rice, papad, curd and 4 types of sweet dishes. There is an elderly gentleman, perhaps the owner who goes around coaxing people to eat more and explains how to combine the various delicacies to us bewildered looking toyrists. The meal is a sumptuous treat, with smiling serving staff and clean settings. It was a memorable experience, what with struggling to eat with fingers and discovering exotic eats.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant to all those looking for a genuine Kerala gastric treat.
Traditional kerala style sadya (a meal served on plantain leaves) served on all days at lunch time. Varieties of payasam will be served. If you are non malayali on visit to Trivandrum , you can visit the place to have a taste of traditional kerala meal. Please remember the place will be crowded at lunch time, so have patience .
One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Kerala style sadya is awesome and is available here 365 days. Unique tasty dosa varieties here give a great feasts to tastebuds.
Our Uber driver recommended this place when we asked for a typical Kerala meal and we are thankful to him for the suggestion. Really great food. I think we found nine courses. Started with paruppu kolumbu and sambar followed by FOUR different kinds of rasam. Then came the curd curry (not sure of the official name), rasam and buttermilk courses. The wait staff were very efficient. We are not fans of vegetarian food but this place changed our minds. A must visit place in TRV.
Nothing great here, 3 kichadi, 1 thoran 1 avial, parippu, sambar,rasam, pulusery, 2 pickles, Ada, semia and kadala payasam . Cost 180 plus tax, junior manikantan in East fort gives excellent food RS.100.. nothing great here..
You can experience authentic kerala sadhya throughout the year. I have visited her a couple of times.
If you are in Thiruvananthapuram you need to go to Mothers Veg Plaza. Good location and amazing traditional food:)
Located in heart of city . Our guide Daniel took us to this restaurant which serves authentic south indian thali with reasonable prices . Staff is one of the best which I have seen till date . Very cooperative . They taught us the right method to eat the ingredients of this traditional meal . Taste was awesome too . Must must visit place for all foodies
While in Kerala for my wife's Ayervedic treatment, her doctor had recommended "Mother's Kitchen" as the place to go for Vegetarian cuisine. We tried to go there on one occasion but found it was closed, so luckily a few days later we had managed to visit while it was open. Presented with a menu we were taken by the vast selection of dishes, for Dosa's there are about 30-40 different types. As we normally try the signature dish wherever we go, we elected to get the Kerala Thali or Sadya in this case. Our attentive waitress bought out firstly a large banana leaf for our plate or service area. This was then followed by a selection of pickles (4) sauces and rice. It is almost like an Indian degustation as we were given a selection of curries to match the rice. then to finish with 4 x different deserts, with banana, uppadum and rice. Highly recommended as a place to visit if in Trivandrum, Kerala.
we visited here twice and both times its been a lovely experience, there are variety of dosas, which all are good and tasty, but their sadya meal is really something which should not be missed if you are in Trivandrum. beside food the staff is so good and make sure you get every single item of the meal. I bet you will definitely be over eaten at the end as the food is so delicious that you might find it difficult to stop. Will surely visit again and again whenever in Trivandrum.
The local Rickshawalas are not familiar with its name, so you need to mention its location as Near Bakery Junction. I had tried their sadya during my last visit to Trivandrum in July 2018. The lingering taste made me return a second time. Being single I did not have much difficulty in sharing a seat alongside a Russian couple on a four chair dining table, though it was a Sunday and the restaurant was crowded but not half as crowded by Mumbai standards. They also serve a variety of dosas and my neighbors at the table, were savoring one against my recommendation of Sadya which they said would be too heavy for them. I always consider a wholesome meal, a litmus test for any restaurant, so I order it wherever available. Sadya is a full course meal served on festive occasions like Onam, but here they serve it all year around. The pure vegetarian restaurant probably has a Christian Proprietor Mr Sanal , but in a linguistically secular Kerala it really doesn’t matter and you find a hungry diaspora of food lovers here. Mr Sanal is a good marketer and is present at the table of perceived new visitors to give subtle tips and information that add to your culinary experience The food marathon starts the moment you place your prepaid coupon for Rs 180 (Pretty reasonable for an unlimited meal) on the table, A full size plantain leaf is laid out followed by Heap of brown rice with dal, sambar, puliseri, Rasam , Variety of pickles including the Puli inji, Papadam ,a plethora of side vegetables not to mention the traditional Avial ,Thoran, a banana, 3 types of Payasams of the day. The staff is prompt in ensuring that the sequence in the marathon is relayed and you do not miss even a single item on the Sadya menu…. And you leave the restaurant with a satisfied Burp. Will never miss whenever in Trivandrum.
We had traditional kerala sadya from the restaurant. It was not only delicious but homely too. A must visit place
This is a good place for traditional kerala meals. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the restaurant team over explain things and make it slightly boring...Especially when we visit the place with international guests
Very bad quality sadhya. Worst and waste selection ever in our opinion. U have to maintain the quality of food
You might find the place a bit crowded during lunch hours but it makes up for the special Kerala lunch they serve. It’s called Sadya and comes with all the local vegetarian flavours. The different varieties of payasam ( sweet porridge ) they serve are also excellent . It’s better if you ask the management on how to eat the special Kerala lunch meal ( sadya ). The staff is very helpful. The place is kept averagely clean and neat. It’s a must try restaurant for vegans and vegetarians.
we have been travelling quite a while now in india and this place was by far the best choice ever. yesterday evening, we had some manchurian and aloo gobi. this afternoon, we had the SADHYA experience. Sadhya is a all you can eat food, served with rise and various curries on a banana leaf. it costed 180 rupee per head and we had the chance to eat some authetic food. The waitressess were extremely attentive and helped us throughout the journey :) e.g. how to properly eat the food... go and have a bite there, it is not expensive for foreigners. when i say not expensive, i always look to the price of biryani. if it is lower than 100 rupee; it is not a rip off. to check it out. hope you all enjoy like we enjoyed :)
Good restaurant and great food. Worth for money . Management need to come up with a better system to manage people coming to eat. You have to stand behind each table to grab a seat which is not actually polite but you have no other choice.
The ultimate stop for a hearty Kerala Sadya (traditional Kerala vegetarian meals served on banana leaves with 4-5 varieties of kheer/payasam for dessert) Therefore, there is a rush between 12-2 pm. Ample quantities of rice and tasty curries are served. The payasams are yummy, though served in small portions (perhaps because they serve 4-5 varietes.Traditional "boli" (sweet made with gram flour) and plaintains are served along with the payasams (in Kerala Sadya, payasams are devoured in traditional combinations like boli-vermicelli kheer, plaintain-rice flakes kheer, pappad-jaggery kheer etc).
Not at all impressed with the restaurant, staff or meals. Very bland tasteless meals. waste of time n effort..so sorry
Dear friends, Today I had a lunch(sadhya meals) from mothers veg plaza.I expected a lot about their sadhya meals after going through the reviews found here.But all my expectations was in vain.Almost all the curry items serving in a sadhya was there, but the taste did not resembled a sadhya.It was not worthy for rs 189, ordinary meals (@80/100 rs) from other veg hotels would serve better.If you are there just expecting a veg meals it's ok, but very much expectations about sadhya meals will left you in despair.
"Sadya" is excellent. Cleanliness has gone down and the place becomes overcrowded by 1:30 pm. Parking is also a problem. Some parking restrictions in the main road. If you wanna enjoy the food....be there atleast by 12:15.
the worst masala dosas in town.the only incridient was onion.the service was the worst too.prices was exorbitant.
Very tasty and authentic food. I have a suggestion that the service could have been a bit better, to enjoy the food.
One of the best full course lunch served here. Very authentic kerala dishes served with lot of care and attention.. waiting staff smartly notices what one likes and generously serve additional helpings..
I had tasted Dosas from there. It was tasty and hot. I also heard that their afternoon feast (Sadya) is good. I will try it I'm future and update.
Very good food , tastey and clean . Large number of curries and got around 4 types of payasam ,it's exact replica of a grant malayala Sandhya .
Excellent food but cannot enjoy as people are waiting behind u for seats Sadhya is the speciality Not a cozy place
As reference from my friends myself along with Family had lunch from this place, food was ok not up to Arya's or Ashokbhavan in Kochi, but not bad too, if you look in to rate part it's bit expensive for the taste of food they offered.overall you can rate 6:10
...or so they claim. They have a dosa with any and every type of filling. We tried a few and it was a good change, but some of the fillings especially for slow moving items may not be too fresh. I would still stick to plain butter dosa or masala dosa. They offered only dosa, and not the traditional Sadhya at the time we went (dinner). However, this place was a good change with quick service and not too expensive, although not too plush.
We went there looking for some good authentic dosas, after reading great reviews. The ambience is ok, ample seating, service was also quick but sadly the dosas were far from being authentic in taste. There was ample variety, like noodles dosa, ginie dosa and so on. We didn't like it one bit, nor were the chutney and sambhar any great in taste. The payasams too were just average and the coffee was just ok. Go there if you want to try something new but you will be disappointed if you go there looking for some authentic fare.
Dozens of kinds of 'Dosa' and many curries to choose from. It is a very local eatery, cheap prices (for Westerners). Dinner for 4, having ordered 2 dishes too many, just to taste, came at under $20. Service was nothing special until after we placed our order of too much food and became the attraction of the restaurant. The food was authentic and delicious.
I like this place good vegetarian food is being served here and ambiance is also quite well beautiful service also
Went there to eat food. Had to wait there for a lot of time.. none cared . Had to talk to the cashier why none were coming to take the order. Had to wait even further 20 mins after that for one to come and take orders.. if you are starving and looking for a veg hotel  This is definitely not the place
I have been to this place 2 times.. first for lunch.. which was just okay with that price tag! There was nothing extra ordinary. (Maybe because I am from North Kerala, and trivandrum style of cooking doesnt suite my taste buds) I went again for breakfast another time, and was again disappointed. Cold food (at 9am) and definitely had nothing that would make it stand out.
It's just another average vegetarian restaurant but with above average service customer service. Their menu is vast the food is just average. It's not bad but not up to the hype for sure.
Delicious food at great prices. The oppuma was out of this world.best I’ve tasted anywhere in the world.
My god this meal was absolutely incredible. For 180 rupees the value you get is incredible. They would keep topping up the banana leaf. There was this pineapple curry that was DIVINE. And the desserts were so dam tasty as well (there were 4 different kinds.) Incredible. And wish I had the appetite to go there again!
No words to describe 100 times of awesome Veg.Thali / Vazhayila Sadhya is really awesome the owner himself describe to the customers how to have the sadhya and personally attend all the tables even serves the dessert and explain how to have it...loved it will suggest and will visit again and again until I get the same experience
Their Kerala sadhya ( traditional food served on banana plant leaves) is value for money and tasty. You can order food via phone for home delivery. They have more than 50/100 variety of disaster ( indian pancake). My son loves their pizza dosa.
We were 4 families on a 3 day trivandrum trip for the dasara holidays. Being vegetarian, we had shortlisted a few restaurants for having our food. After having the Sadya meal, we were completely impressed. Amazing taste, good variety of food. We came back for trying their Various doors and were impressed again.  Even the different lime juices they offer is really good.  The place gets bit crowded and rightly so. At times, service can be bit slow but worth the wait.  I would definitely come back here, and recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Teivandrum.
Good food and good service! Might be crowded most of times and will have to wait to get seats. But the food is worth the wait!
Crowded ambience. Good if you can just concentrate on the food. Service was quick and efficient. The special sadya was very good and comes with 4 payasams - ada, kadala, beetroot and semiya with boli. The Kadala payasam was excellent; the betroot tasted less like payasam and more like a new kind of sweet dish. The other two payasams were good. Overall, value for money.
If you would like to taste and experience traditional/local Kerala 'sadhya' or feast, this is a great option in Trivandrum. Prices are quite reasonable. For those who are not aware, 'sadhya' includes only vegetarian food. This can be literally a filling experience.  Useful to keep in mind though that the place can get quite crowded, seats can be difficult to find, especially during lunch hours and the overall experience can become uncomfortable if you're not used to crowds. This is a destination to bring visiting friends to experience Kerala sadhya. There's a process to the servings and staff are happy to explain, sometimes insist on following the flow. One can of course be selective. For visiting folks, it's useful to note that some dishes can be spicy - so, better to ask or do a quick taste before going further.
Nandhu, our tour driver from The Travel Planners, bought us here to experience Keralian Thali, a wonderful  The owner was gracious with his time explaining the various dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed every dish presented & mixing with the various accompiants. A highlight of our 4 week Indian Holiday
Very good.We bought lunch for15 people. Sadya. It was very fantastic.People never experienced such taste from a hotel food. It was homely food. They thought that we made it in our home. You will get sadya 365 days from Mothers Plaza. They served the food at our home in packets we supplied it in our pots and in plantain leaf they supplied. Considerably it was cheap. I
Provides excellent typical Kerala Sadya. The preparations are done using coconut oil. Those who do not like the taste of coconut oil should avoid this place. Usually one has to wait for his/her turn to get a seat. It attracts a huge crowd during lunch.
Missed Onam celebration and feast. Enjoy true ona Sadhya every day at Mothers kitchen. Simply awesome
This place serves some amazing sadhya - full.meals. They have 16 different types of side dishes in addition to rice sambhar rasam buttermilk and 4 different types of paayasam.
A very nice place for a vegetarian food, this was very close to HILTON and MG ROAD, they server great appam and even the NORTH indian food was great
We went on the day of Onam. Many people were already there waiting for seat, so we had to wait for one hour to get seat. The food was very good and tasty. First time, I had 6 types of payasams.
We ordered Onam sadya for 15 people and on the day of collection it was. a total chaos and mayhem. No responsible person from the management were there and food was not ready.Big queues and waited for 2 hours and still no food. Never again. Atlast got the box and when opened at home most items were NOT there and they cheated on us and took their money.
What a way they have to treat people knowing they are north Indian, Superb! We didn't know about much of the variety and procedure of having lunch at the banana leaf. We were a group and enjoyed our meals with sequence and enjoyed a lot. The team here is happy to offer you what you want but on the sequence only. I was insisting to have Kadi but they refused as I didn't complete my early course.  Good staff and nice food, they introduced us to the Kerala food in detail.
Looking for a place to have the most delicious sadhya? No thinking twice. This place offers the best. They have variety of dishes and variety payasams as well. They have different varieties of dosa too. I would recommend families who visit from abroad to try this place to taste the authentic food of Kerala!!
Ordered onam sadya for 10 people.Was amazing .Homely taste with enough food to serve five more people.Prompt delivery and superbly packed.
The Kerala lunch served everyday is the speciality. Ideal if you have a guest from out of Town/state who wishes to know about the typical Malayali veg lunch. The items are tasty but not the very best. Could be very crowded in peak lunch times No table reservation possible. Service is tolerable but could be better. Not ideal for a leisurely lunch. Great for a quick lunch break.Prices are reasonable
We had lunch in Mother’s Veg Plaza. It’s a purely Kerala Veg lunch with variety of side items & Payasam (sweet) served with lunch. They have variety of Dosas, Iddily & Vada and many other veg foods too. Any one wants to have an authentic Kerala Veg. Food they shouldn’t miss this place.
Excellent Kerala Sadhya served in the traditional manner. Very tasty and worth the money. Need to expertise in capacity management.
They have a large variety of Dosas, which is their speciality. The satff are attentive and place is neat and well maintained.
Horrible experience from Mothers Veg Plaza Trivandrum..The arrogance from the owner was terrible. Now to the events..Since there was no Onam celebration this time, we decided we are no making the sadya at home but instead we placed an order with Mothers Veg Plaza with a delivery to home guaranteed on 25th August 2018. Guess what, they did not deliver, never bothered attending our calls and left us in despair. I went there asked the manager what went wrong, I even told him it would have been OK provided they informed us a delivery could not be made. I wanted to speak with the owner and yes I did. Trust me, I was taken aback by his attitude..He said 'Onam aakumbol tharaan pattiyilla ennokke varum, aa refund koduthu vidade'. Which translates to 'its Onam and we may not deliver, just get this guy his refund'.This is exactly what he told me and that's the only reason I am making a post here. I don't think the customers should be taken for granted like this. And I am not complaining about the quality of the food which we never had..But please beware when you order for home delivery from here, take precautions and keep alternate arrangements in place. To think about it, we had placed the order a few days ago itself..And they had enough time to let us know, which they never did..
Nice family restaurant You can have 100 types of dosas And onam food through out the year Staff was very cordial only issue is language
It was not a planned trip to trivandrum ,happened to visit this city due to flight cancellation...came accross this place through trip advisor...the staff was over welcoming ...served food with gr8 love with all the discription of each n every dish with their traditional origin n health benefits....throughly enjoyed the meal...dint feel tht i was having sadhya at a restaurant.....highly recommended by me!! Ps:(all the 4 payasams were juz tooo amazing)
I was recommended to visit this restaurant and I loved their delicious vegetarian food, very friendly staff and value for money. Can highly recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and Excellent food. Try to reach there before 1 PM to get seats ,rush hour from 1 PM to 2.30 PM
It was amazing experience at Mothers restaurant the variety on offer was quite amazing and unique taste. A truly Vegetarian's delight. The additional plus is varieties of dosas which are available. Very good quality and cleanliness. A must try for all.
I am a North Indian living in Delhi. Because of the family's love for dosa, we frequent Delhi cafes. But the Sadhya me and my wife had at this place was by far the best meal of my life. We reached there around 315 and the place was almost empty. I was apprehensive of eating by hand but damn, once I ate I just couldn't stop. The staff felt amused looking at my face: true foodgasm. There was an uncle also who guidede me through the meal, couldn't find him later to thank for his help. And the bill for two was lesser that what you pay for your coffee at CCDs etc.  Don't think, go there. In fact, please ensure if you are passing by Trivandrum ( I love calling cities by their old names), this is one highlight you can't afford to miss.  Happy eating.
Visited this place for a weekday lunch. It was bustling with people. There is plenty of seats and the ambience is decent. But what is amazing is the service, impeccable.  We ordered the meal, 3 course? 4 course? 5 course? 7 course? There was no stopping, a new item every time till we were full to the brim. The owner ensured to teach us the correct way to consume the dishes and also explained the benefits. The food was delicious. The sweets even more.  Special mention for the medicated water.  Would definitely recommend this place, do not miss it!
Been there for breakfast dosas were really nice even they have a very good selection of dosas in the menu apart from that other breakfast dishes like upma anicend poori were also
Good Sadya 365 dyas. Parcel well packed and arranged. Good Tasty food. Lots of dishes and options available. Usually crowded during lunch hours, better to take parcel. Neatly packed
A clean restaurant that offers a nice kerala style sadya in plaintain leaf which lots of sides and kerala desert.
thali meals are there best...especially onam sadhya are to be booked in advance to have 3 paysams on banana leaf,,too crowded during onam season
I had a pleasant experience eating here, the food is good and cheap, and one of the waiters took his time to guide me in what should be eaten together, and in which order.
I had the most amazing traditional Kerela food combined with great hospitality and courtesy by the staff..... The gentleman there even took pains of teaching me how to eat the meal in the right order.... highly impressed .....its a must visit when in Thiruvananthapuram
We had gone to mothers plaza for a good kerala meals during lunch time. The place was full and we had to wait. The traditional kerala meals served was nice with lots of side dishes. Recommended for vegetarian South Indian thali meals.
Though we went here too late for lunch, it was almost 4 p.m. They were still serving lunch. We ordered kerala lunch thali and fresh banana leaf was spread in front of us. So many varieties of chutney, sabzi, pickles, banana chips sweet and salty both were served. Just tasting all these our stomach was full. Then the owner came to us he explained the ayurvedic significance of the meal to us, also told us the sequence and combination of different food served to us. He then personally served us sweets, also telling us the correct combination what to eat with what. Such a thoughtful gesture. Hope to visit it again this time by 1p.m. and absolutely empty stomach.
Me and my friends went to mothers veg for a lunch the food was excellent and one portion will be enough for one person but the service is not good because when we gone to the table no one attend us we have to wait for 15 mins if its busy period we'll understand but there was not much crowd and we have to call the service staff anyway plz improve u r service standards
This is the best place for get good food.And the have variety taste of items.we are so happy on there...
Went for authentic South Indian breakfast experience but found the items too oily and same as any other South Indian joint. Nothing special.
Get and Feel the Best vegetarian food in Trivandrum city.Parking facility available .Good FEast are avaialble here for good rate and also tasty food.VEg Tali here is around the town.
Its a great idea to serve and have feast everyday. Mothers plaza just fulfils that idea. Traditional kerala feast (Ona sadya) is being served on plantain leaves. Food is good. But the heavy rush during peak times keep you wait for long time to get an additional curry serving. A prospective visitor must be ready to wait...
Excellent food, service & hygienic . Staff very friendly. The food was delicious & lot of items. Overall it was excellent.
Had tasty veg food with good atmosphere & good hygiene, Recommend to other travelers if looking for good veg restaurant in Trivandrum.
Been here with family for lunch this week during our trip to Trivandrum. This place offers the lunch that I have been missing for years.
Kerala Sadya in plantain leaf. Tasty Kerala meals which is truly homely served neatly. Professional service. The restaurant will be a bit crowded during peak lunch time.Neverthless this is the best vegetarian restaurant in Thiruvanthapuram
Had eaten here once before - about five months ago - and liked it as much now as I did then. Very good food, although somewhere in there there was ONE thing that was too spicy for a non Indian. Have to find out what that was next time.
Located in the heart of the city , the restaurant is apparently new with a local veg restaurant appearance. It has a local crowd and a pretty nice option for veg food. The place is spacious and has a lot of tables. They have a open dosa counter too where they cook live dosa infront of us ..Good option for a veg meal for lunch or a dosa for dinner
This is good option for Vegetarian food..not too costly ..they serve food on banana leaf.. varieties of dosas and rice and that too not very spicy.
We were looking for a veg restaurant that service typical Keral meals on a banana leaf, we were asked to try this place by our taxi driver. The service is real good, true to its name. Food is really tasty, we even tried boiled rice with sambar what a combination...if you are a sweet lover, they do serve four different payasams..
✓ Best hotel to provide 100 variety of dosa. ✓ Clean and tidy. ✓ Staffs are friendly. ✓ Provide good sadhya.
A vegetarian restaurant serving ‘Sadhya’ all throughout the year ! I have been to Mothers Plaza 4-5 times only for their Sadya during lunch time. Whenever I feel like having a sadya I rush to Mother's Plaza. It never disappoints me. They serve 3 different payasams .Its better to reach by 12 pm as the restaurant has space constraints. During peak time , we need to wait for 10-15 minutes to get a slot.
I had higher expectations of Mothers Veg Plaza from all the buzz around it - quite a few recommendations from locals at the hotel, etc. Maybe I should have tried the famous Sadhya meal in the afternoon? We visited one evening and the food was bang average. I tried a recommended dosa called 'Gini' dosa which was overly spicy. My wife ordered chhole bhature and the chhole looked like some leftovers - we promptly returned that dish. The paper dosa was good though.
Sadya, a kerala thali normally prepared in special occasions like marriage, birthday etc. It is a pure veg meal with more than 20 items including 4 to 6 sweet items. So this is a high calory food and likely to have hangover after eating. You take to take rest for at least 4 hours after taking this meal. Or restrict intake. Not costly. Supplied in big banana leaf. spicy, salty but not oily. Once in a while ok.
The side dishes served on the banana leaves are more than 16 in numbers. All are very tasty and traditional. The cost per lunch is Rs.180/- But it is worthy. Very easily digested and natural taste as cooked and served by "MOTHER".
The food is amazing. There are so many options available to choose. The staff is very polite and the service is very fast. But you might have to wait for some time to get a table.
A great bustling place filled with families enjoying Friday night together. The food was good, the service was fast(ish) and friendly, and we'd recommend this for a great local pit stop!
Are you in Trivandrum now? Looking for a traditional Kerala sadya(vegetarian lunch served in banana leaves)? Grab a cab/auto and ask the driver to drop you at Mothers Veg plazza. Expect rush during peak time. You will get the sadya through out the year. They also serve various types of dosas. Restaurant is clean and staff are friendly. Rates are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food, its reasonable.
Very traditional and taste of food was awesome over all. Service is beyond imaginable for any one to experience, one should not miss this when some one travel to Trivendrum. Management of this restaurant are very focused for customer statisfaction.
Restaurant is in a good locality, transportation is not a problem, its clean and food is ok. The staff should be more courteous. Their attention to customers is bit week or ignorant. I visited 4 to 5 times, delay in taking order and difficult to get service to order more. Food quantity should be little more. Also need more arrangement in parking. The person who assigned to assist parking should be more vigilant.  I give 4 star for location, clean and food.
I had a craving to eat kerala sadya which once a year feast during onam.Mothers veg plaza is a saviour to those who miss those sadya. With around 16 kootu currys( side dishes), the sadya served at mothers veg plaza is a sumptious lunch for Rs. 200 per person.Due to the high demand, the place is highly crowded, but the service is very fast.(Please note that the sadya is only available as lunch)  Sadya includes - Kerala rice/ White rice (optional) , Parippu curry (kerala dal curry) . Sambar , 3 courses of payasam( sweet porridge/ kheer) , rasam, buttermilk , pulisserry (kerala style dahi with all tadkas) + 16 different types of side dishes.  Well...to comment on the other dishes served at mothers plaza for breakfast and dinner, im not satisfied at all.It can be rated as only fair/average.  I would only recommend the sadya from this restaurant.
For a non-southindian, you need a guide book or a locale to take you through this journey of taste paradise. Unending serving of chutneys, veggies and curries with unlimited rice is just too much to handle. starting from papadam and banana chips to three varieties of payasama, they serve you just unimaginable variety of foods. Different people will have different taste buds, here you are guaranteed to find something to appease your buds.
Variety dosas, quality veg foods as well as good ambience. Price is is reasonable, if you are out with your friends and family for veg foods, then this is the place
I had visited this place with family and also ordered some 20 Sadhya for a function at home. The quality is good with decent quantity and economical priced. The restaurant ambience and service isn’t so great but good for outdoor catering.
One place in Trivandrum where you get decent varieties .They have ample varieties of dosa which is a real treat .I guess this is one of the oldest restaurant near Trivandrum central .Off late I felt its bit over rated though highly recommended
One of the best vegetarian lunch served in trivandrum .Not many know about this resturant .Sadhya which is served for lunch is their speciality . it is a must visit for having some good kerala vegetarian meals
We had reached Kerala after almost an year and we were longing for a traditional lunch. All our friends recommended this restaurant and it turned out to be one of the best lunches we ever had. There are so many varieties to taste. Finally 4 different Payasams.
This restaurant is a must visit for having the experience of eating "Sadhya" which is only served for lunch. This dish consists of lot of variety of items which satisfy your taste buds completely and in one meal give you to tour of Kerala. Also the restaurant serves multiple variety of dosa's which are yummy. Dosa's are served for dinner. Service is an issue but due to the awesome food it is worth the trouble. A mandatory visit when in the city.
Yesterday we visited veg plaza,we saw the owner of the hotel who working as a staff,we got Excellent foods, but very bad service and rude staffs
We visited to have kerala style food...first of all they give various chutney and very less vegetables/curry options...on the top of it they give food as per their wishes in their so called thali system...i didnt liked the sweets offered and thus told them thrice to give me few rice and moong dal...despite that they didnt gave me that and forced me to eat their sweets as they say it is how they eat...what nonsense if somebody is not liking some items of the thali system and requesting sone other items which were supposed to be unlimited as per them...they dont give...worst experience ever
We visited this place before we fly from Trivandrum. They serve variety of dishes including Sadhya- A traditional Kerala meal. The meal is served on big banana leaf.They serve 5-6 types of Chutneys , two types of Rice. 4 types of Payasam( sweets) , one special sweet made of banana. Sambhar , aloo subzi , papad , warm water and ... cant remember all.. Even you might have tasted Kerala meal in your tour.. have this meal to cherish your taste bud.
You should definitely go for typical Kerala thali if you are on Kerala tour. All food is good but thali is superb. You will die eating so many dishes on banana leaf. Food taste is excellent. Sweet dishes are out of the world. Staff service is superb and all are wearing smile on the face. They make you eat like you are in home. Highly recommended.
Based on previous good reviews, we visited the restaurant; we were not disappointed. The food was very good with a lot of selection. The many innovative ‘Dosa’ combinations were interesting. Some of them were excellent but others, while innovative, would be a misnomer as dosa. The sweet and sour soup was excellent(a bit too spicy but very tasty and filling) The porotta and poor I were excellent. The service was excellent; very polite, timely and efficient service. Overall very satisfied with the experience and plan to visit again
Though heard of this place popular for Sadya round the year, I randomly visited the place during evening tea time. The menu gives you a range of variety dosas. I tried the butter masala dosa and loved it.
Very tasty and delicious veg food items are available here. The taste is very good and tasty restaurants.
Lot of north indians and tourist people,only a few trivandrum people, serving rice and other Curry's only a little bit for an amount Rs of 126.only one payasam.Other nearby veg hotels charging less and good quantity of food,But not sadhya.overcrowded with tourists.cleaniess ok.Visiting one time ok.
This is the Indian equivalent to McDonald’s for Kerala thali meals, A great place, when you arrive you are rushed to a table and then the number of people descend on the table with banana leaves and all different types of food which they put onto the banana leave for you to eat, some of them are savoury some of them are sweet but all of it is gorgeous and it is very inexpensive highly recommended definitely go
365 Days sadya, good quality stuff and excellent customer service. Recommended Go, especially on lunch time.
The food supplied was tasty. Lot of verities of dosa. It is worth trying different verities. The ambiance is also good.
Located in the middle of the city, just under 2 km from the railway station, this is a good place to experience the traditional Kerala vegetarian meals.
The food was delicious and served in a clean atmosphere. The Waiters and the owner are very friendly and offer very homely service.  The warm water in the beginning of the meal and the baby bananas at the end of the meal add the mothers touch as per the name.
Mothers is undoubtedly the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum and also affordable. Few Europeans find it. Tradtional Kerala food. A Thali which is a collection of flavor sensations. It is also an experience to eat there. Food is served continuously. The banana leaf is full of food. Guaranteed you are not hungry after a visit.
We visited the restaurant with family. The food is excellent with different varieties of dosa. We could not get Sadya i.e authentic kerela veg meal, as it is only served in the afternoon. All in all excellent place to have food.
Gem of a place, esp if you are a vegetarian visiting Trivandrum. The south Indian food is amazing. I esp loved their Chilli Parotha, it was spicy, but so innovative and tasty that we couldn't put it down. The place is clean and well maintained. Service speedy and courteous. There is a security guard outside who helps if patrons arrive in rain (which was so useful when I visited). There is some parking outside, but gets filled pretty fast as it's not enough for everybody that visits. They accept cards, and the menu items are priced alright.
Worth the money spent. Served in the traditional banana leaf and food is tasty too. The ambience though not so great is still ok.
This restaurant offers "Very Good" Kerala Sadhya 365 days, quality is just awesome, they serve plenty, have many curries and four payasam, and many more, on our last visit it was costing INR 200+, I felt it slightly expensive, neatness is good they have space to accommodate many people at a time, parking is bit difficult, service is good, generally staffs are helpful and friendly
This restaurant came as a pleasent surprise for serving the authentic Kerala veg delicacies all round the year.Literally a 24 course meal ,with varying scintillating tastes,served very religiously and affectionately by the attending waiters,and to top it all the detailed familiarisation of the food served and it's ayurvedic connections ,by Mr.Sanal, the owner was the topping on the cake ,made the food very interesting.Wonderful satiating and very tasty food makes one feel linger on for more visits to this Wonderful restaurant.Its also known and famous for its 200 types of dosas and various other south Indian delicacies.Neat n clean restaurant to savour the food of "GODS OWN LAND".The ayurvedic warm concoction served as drinking water with its earthy flavour ,the sweet appetizers .First half of the meal followed by 4 course sweet servings, payasams -- prathamam,dal kheer ,pineapple payasam,washed finally with poli sewai payasam,a unique combination.Thereafter starts the second half of the meal,which ends with rasam and buttermilk.The restaurant staff serves the whole course in its unique sequence of ayurveda.After gorging in this 24 course meal,the urge to have more never dies. And the best part is one doesn't feel over eaten .Literally food prepared with mothers' affection,a must visit restaurant if one happens to visit Trivandrum.Thanks Mr.Sanal for keeping our traditional food live.Sure with this type of preparations King Mahabali will not miss a chance to visit his praja and enjoy Sadhya.
Though Mother's Veg Plaza is famous for its Lunch Meal/Sadhya, I must say that all the other dishes that they serve are equally quite good. We came here with our Office Team for Dinner after watching a movie. That day we ordered many variety of dishes. I personally loved the Mother's Special Dosa. It was a unique preparation mixed with noddles and vegetables, which was made into a masala and served with the Dosa.  Overall, quite satisfied and happy with the experience there. Execllent place for a Family Dinner. Everyone, must visit this place at least once, especially the vegetarians, who will be in for a treat !
A very gud vegetarian restaurant out there .. authentic Kerala Sadhya is too good... Parking can be a problem sometimes.. too crowd at afternoon time.
Excellent place where authentic kerelite lunch is served on banana leaves. A pure veg joint. Variety of dishes ( more than 50) Which had to be eaten in a particular sequence. The owner explained us all the items on the plate and how this ayurvedic meal should be eaten. Excellent place for vegetarians.
Love to say about Mothers Veg Plaza, the food and ambiance is really good and they maintain the taste and style of the items ever since I have been to the restaurant for the first time in 2013. The Thali meals is a real sadya and I like the white rice and side dishes and the payasam too. The Masala dosa and ghee roast are very soft and so are the other items. The restaurant has good seating and is air -conditioned, crowded during lunch time but worth waiting for few minutes for a seat.
You will be pampered with the vegetarian Sadya meals here specially if you are choosing the premium sadya with a variety of curries and payasams. The place could get crowded toward lunch time and could be lively. One issue here is the parking which is very much limited and there is a no parking zone in front of the restaurant.The food has quality and is keeping up with the times except that the new tax for a/c has pushed up the price a wee bit!!
Visited few weeks back with N Indian family. Service was very good. Staff took time to politely and sweetly explain about the items we ordered. And not to tell about the taste. Awesome !! Very tasty Atmosphere was good, cleanliness good... This visit we liked Dosa varieties...Superb. My Pune friends told, "Uncle, sometimes send us "Parcel Dosa" from here"
You will get an authentic Sadya according to traditional south Kerala style. There are other food items and the preparation is good, but the Sadya stands out as a jewel. The payasams are really good and are available for takeaway,
The sadya is very tasty and worth the price.Real Thiruvithamkoor sadya.The dosa varieties are also tasty and novel.The staff are polite and ready to explain about each and every dish.
Sadya at mothers veg plaza is best and very delicious.There is rush in the peak time.We should taken coupon for the meals.There are different varieties of meals and dosas they serve.
The traditional Kerala lunch, known as 'Sadya' can be had from here. It's the sadya which makes this restaurant so popular. There are varieties of Dosa dishes in the evening. It's worth visiting here
Mother's veg plaza , wow tasty vegetarian items , we all like the taste of various foods, good service from staff and management
good staff, good food and the best part owner himself will check each table for any help required...
Good vegiterian food,clean and neat atmosphere reasonable rate,specially south indian good ,special meals
Yummy food. Delicious grape juice. Nice appam, the place was so busy that they refused to serve dishes that take relatively long to prepare, Sunday evening rush perhaps. We will have to go again to try these out. Guests are served small bananas after food to help them sleep tight after having eaten so much. Good experience!
It was a lovely exp. did not know how to eat sadhya. The person called Sanal was more than helpful. Ate so much can't imagine . But not all heavy. Keep up the good work
Lot of space in a ground floor layout of tables and chairs. Nothing special about ambience and the food is pure veg & very tasty. The dosas are great and some good puttu variety.....dosas like the Mumbai roadside 100 variety dosa types.  Traditional meals are a big draw but can get better at crowd management given they have been operating in such environment for long now.  Definitely worth visiting if u have time in case having to wait at entry. If u r small group you may actually get seated much faster as there are large number of tables and chairs.
I will cherish my visit to mother's veg plaza. it was really nice to have the traditional kerala meal on a banana leaf with four different payasams( traditional dessert of kerala). I could barely move after the meal though as it can be very filling
They have regular and can special sadhya...if you want to have a lot of items and payasam..opt for special sadhya.You can go and have it between 11am and 3.00pm everyday and sadhya is served smoothly and in an orderly way with less time taken .you can get parcel also everyday and also for onam etc..awsome food if younlove teh traditional Kerala curry of sadhya...its near bakery junction in front of park hotel ..the junction where it meets road from Spencer jn and other side road from palayam t bakery junction flyover...under the fly over side...
Best hotel in trivandrum to taste traditional kerela food "Sadhya". In single meal, we have tasted 4 different Payasam's and all traditional foods. Best part they will explain what food it is and how to eat. Owner himself will come to your table and explain about food. One of the best person, that's why his hotel getting many good reviews and awards.  Tips: ------ Have a light breakfast in the morning Reach 'Mothers Veg Plaza' around 12 pm. (Google maps location was accurate) Buy 1 kerela sadhya meals coupon (Rs. 180 - Unlimited traditional food) Enjoy your lunch  Note: They have good space for parking
Good place for Kerala style 'sadya' (meals) on banana leaf. It is completely vegetarian. The dishes were tasty, there is lot of crowd whenever I went for lunch, difficulty to get table if you go in a group, because of the crowd.It is not very costly too.
One of the best locations to get traditional ONAM SADHYA in the city of Trivandrum. Centrally located. Seasonal rush gives bit difficulty in parking and to get seats in the dining hall. Tasty vegetarian side dishes surrounds the rice over a big banana leaf.Delicious payasam as well. They serve the vegetarian sadhya round the year.
This may the only place in Trivandrum where you will get Onasadya any day. Food quality and taste are good.
Mothers veg plaza is located inside the city near bakery junction. It has limited car parking and rest of the vehicles can be parked on near by road. Highlight of this restaurant is Kerala style sadya and variety dosa's. There are several types of dosa's and oothappam (kerala style dosa). Ambiance is good. You can expect rush during weekends.
was a bit disappointed.. I have had better meals at lesser price. Could be because my expectations were a bit on the higher side
Had a great lunch over here. Owner of the restaurant detailed us on every item served in sadhya ..how and in which order one should eat. It was a unique experience.
The best place in Trivandrum for the traditional "sadya". Quite crowded during lunch time. Getting a place to park may also be difficult. In the evening they serve dosas and other veg fare and in the evening snacks. Okay stuff, but nothing to match their sadya. Home delivery is available.
The meal was tasty,wholesome with around 35 items. the service was prompt with personal care and clean premises despite the huge rush.
Sadya is the traditional kerala meal taken as lunch. Its like the north indian thali, but will a difference. There is an order to eat the curries.  Typically there are about 8 to 15 curries server in a sadya. Due to these complexities, is rarely available in its original form in restaurants.  This is where Mother's Veg Plaza stands out. A typical meal costs ₹200/-. But it's almost worth it.  Visit and experience authentic kerala sadya.
This is the vest vegetarian restaurant in the Trivandrum. I recommend to have lunch of Kerala style on banana leaf. Staff of the restaurant is friendly in nature. Want to visit again while in Trivandrum.
if you planning for Typical Kerala Veg Food, Visit this place they offer good food at affordable rate,
This place is supposedly good for its South Indian dishes and its lunch sadhya. went here to have the lunch sadhya. typical Kerala style restaurant; big dining space with tables and chairs arranged next to each other. the place was crowded for lunch ( i guess with people from the near by offices). we had the traditional sadhya on banana leaves. the taste of the different curries and side dishes was average, nothing to rave about nor to complain. I have had definitely much better ones than this. However, the one part i couldn't stand at all was the attitude of the waiters, not just one almost all of them. We were asking them questions on the name of the dishes or for additional helping, the attitude of them were like as if we were disturbing or bothering them. They werent even bothered to reply to our queries, they will look at us and have a expression which said have your food and vacate.They was this one guy who looked like the manager or the owner he was the only guy who was very courteous and attentive to our needs as well as that of the other diners. Overall, I dont plan on going back there again.
Right in the center of town, near Bakery circle, This is a restaurant you must eat in if you are a vegetarian. Ask particularly a Sadhya meal. Most probably, you will have one of the family explaining the sequence in which to eat the nearly thirty varieties of dishes costing just about Rs 200 per person.. Every dish is delicious. Don't forget to ask for the Ayurvedic significance and the owner will explain.
The dosas here are to die for, especially genie dosa (hope I spelled that right :P). It's a must eat at place for food addicts. Love the dosas and the variety in which they come. Sadhya is also very good especially the payasam :) The place is much more hygienic compared to other vegetarian restaurants. It's always bustling with people no matter what time of the day it is, so please do not plan a get together here with family or friends. Just dine and leave :) and let others too get a chance at enjoying the food there. The only drawback was one of the cashier here who is pretty irritant most of the time. They do have home delivery as well and also cater.  P.S. - do not take away dosas as they tend to get soggy... :(
Mother's plaza is renowned for its Kerala Sadya. Great traditional spread in reasonable rates. Authentic sadya is served in banana leaf with payasams.Service is also quick. Highly recommended.
This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. As was my previous review, the service is still pathetic even when there is only average crowd. I even overheard a customer asking the service assistant whether he would have to wait until tomorrow to have his food served. Now they are also duping the customers by over charging in the pretext of GST. Attaching a bill with GST calculation. They are deducting 7% on the list price as tax refund on pre- GST price ( says that the finance minister has instructed to deduct 7%) and then instead of calculating 18% GST on the amount arrived at after deducting 7%, they are adding 18% on the list price, there by fooling the customer and overcharging. I do not foresee this restaurant improving service and now have started overcharging as well in the guise of GST.
I had lunch from Mothers veg,i mean Sadhya in malayalam.There are two prices of sadya avilable one for 180/- and 120/-.For me they offer different types of vegitable side dishes in banna leaf.The food is awesom,its take time to finish everything.Finally they offer four types of payasam,one payasam with boli,its different feel to me,first time i had this type.  Mothers veg walkable distance from Bakery Junction,Trivandrum.
VEGETARIAN, HYGEINIC, Exceellent Menu, Tasty Food, Personal Attention, 100 types of Dosa Must try Kerala Sadhya Meal .....
If you go to see a place , you should experience their tradition too. Mother's veg plaza offer you the traditional Kerala food in traditional style..on banana leaf.great taste. Wonderful service, fantastic staff..happy to serve you, ayurvedic food. A must visit
It was a very good vegetarian restaurant. But now the service and food quality had deteriorated. Pros : 1) Ample parking space behind margin free market opposite to the restaurant. The service of the security personnel at parking space was excellent. 2) Lots of dosa options Cons : 1) The service person / waiters were not sure of what was present in the hotel. We ordered one dish and the serving person (not the waiter who took the order) served something else and argued that the dish was authentic. 2) The hotel was always over crowded. Still not able to understand the reason. May be the parking space was the main reason. 3) The ambience was very poor. It was like a huge hall having adjacent tables and chairs.
This is one of the best sadhya's you can enjoy while in Kerala.Its quite elaborate and is excellent value for money.They keep on serving and at times its difficult to relish all the delicacies.It'll be a good idea to have a light breakfast or skip it altogether if you plan to go there.The highlight is four different payasam's served in succession on the plantain leaf,the final one being vermicelli on boli.
Visited this place because of the high positive interest by other reviewers. This place is a hoax….dishing out a wannabe sadhya spread that is tastless and an insult to the real Kerala cuisine. With due respects to other reviewers who have appreciated the food here, I must say with all humility that you guys need to get a crash course in understanding and appreciating authentic Kerala cuisine. The alarming part of the meal is it is actually positioned as an ‘Ayurvedic Meal’. One of the restaurant management guys goes around the tables of unsuspecting and naïve first timers to Kerala food and emphasizes the ayurvedic properties of the vast insipid spread and how it has to be consumed. C’mon guys…get real….stop this con game. Most of the patrons to this hoax of a restaurant are essentially tourists. You don’t see the locals here. That’s because the locals know the local food!!!! If there would be a law against serving ‘pretentious’ food, this place would be on the top of the offenders list. Highly avoidable.
Located in bakery junction Good food Best pricing Good verity of deserts Both red rice and white rice is available suitable for all south indians
Awesome. Traditional food at its best. Special treatment and updates especially if you not from Kerala. The owner himself took the effort to guide me throughout the meal- what to eat and how to eat. Interesting place !!! Loved it!! Courteous staff......Place is a complete value for money. Must visit for everyone who visits Trivandrum
Good vegetarian place. Different tasty varieties of dosa is a specialty, but at a cost. Clean place. Easy to reach. Limited parking but the helpful parking attendant will find a way to accommodate!
The best place for vegetarian with a wide varieties of dishes... hats off to "sadhya"... Good ambience...
Excellent is a lesser word. One needs to visit and taste Sadhya ( Full course authentic Kerala meal on banana leaf). Worth it....
Supposedly a very popular eating joint, but experience there were unpleasant. Thanks to the overcrowded arrangement and the messy waiting queue, you are made to wait at any which place you can find to wait, and then while you eat there are others looking over your shoulders almost urging you to eat quickly. Altogether forgettable. And the food too is not that great.
Visiting this place for the second time. Food is tasty. Service can be improved. Location is good with ample car park
You have to try lunch which is so special (havent tried anyother dish) with lot varieties and tastes good. Must try : Payasam,sambar
Great place with good food .Amazing traditional spread for.an nominal amount of 180 rs .Unlimited food at it's traditional best .top class service with amazing set of staff who take out their time to explain the sadya and the dishes ..  A must go place in trivandrum cheers team
I stayed in Trivandrum for 10 days in April. After going out for dinner every day in different hotels I have come to this place for dinner. My initial experience made me visit again but to my surprise on a late night dinner, I was shocked to find the curry dishes were adulterated. Immediately I have reported to the order takers. They were apologetic and offered to serve another dish which I refused. Customer service is another issue at this restaurant. The Manager who is also manages the cash counter is a very grumpy lady who is not interested to know what is going on in the restaurant. Since then I avoided going there.
Food is good, but Service is very very poor. Owner is acting too much. He is not a good manager. He dont know how to treat the customers. I was waiting for food nearly 1hr after order. He not at all bother...
It is quite rare even in Kerala to find a good restaurant that serves authentic hygienic and tasty Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on a banana leaf. Mother's Veg Plaza has addressed this gap. I really enjoyed the food served here with passion and a smile by the friendly staff. I went with my mom and aunts and we had a good time at peak lunch hour.
Every human being who comes to Trivandrum should have a Sadya Meal (a traditional extremely enjoyable festival, ceremonial, wedding meal). And, Mothers Veg Plaza is the only place I know which lets you have that any day, without having to attend a wedding. The meal is excellent. Service is fast, though a bit messy.  The downside is the crowd. It is awfully crowded, you may have to share you table with others. And, eating food in a rush, with strangers is not my idea of a nice, pleasant meal. Sadly no one serves the sadya in more pleasant circumstances in Trivandrum. The one in BTM, Kochi (Ernakulam) was more enjoyable.
Its an authentic Malayali Veg Restaurant which serves food in Banana Leaves. The comprises of all the Rasas prescribed in Indian Vedic Literatures namely Sattv, Rajasik and Tamsik. There is an particular order in which you eat food the Waiters there will properly explain you how and in which order you should eat what. Food is very tasty ( even for a diehard Non vegetarian like me) and the way the staff takes intrest in serving is very heart warming.
On our 10 day trip to Kerala We wanted to experience a traditional Sadhya meal. After looking on trip advisor we were lucky that our driver's friend had also recommended this place to eat.  When we arrived the restaurant was very busy but the floor manager was very good and asked us to take a seat. It gave a chance to see how it worked  After gaining a ticket for the meal which only cost 180 rupees (just over £2 uk sterling) we started our meal. The table was cleaned first and then the cleaned banana leaves came out. We wiped them down with the tissue provided. Then along came a staff who served us the meal There were at least 4 types of chutneys, 3 types of vegetables, along with rice, papdad, banana and sweet things. As the floor manager explained half the rice had yogurt mix put over it and then when that was finished we had a dal/sambal over it. There wer3 4 courses to the dessert and you had to use the banana to mix it in. The meal ended with a yogurt type drink and rasam.  Overall it was the best vegetarian meal that we tasted and extremely good value for money.  If you ever come to Kerala I would urge you to try a traditional meal at this restaurant.
The restaurant offers a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The main dish is the Kerala Sadya if you are visiting during noon time. The restaurant also offers more than 100 types of Dosa. The restaurant is very clean and nice service too. Highly recommended for pure veggies.
Went 4 times for lunch. The true kerala lunch on bansna leaf. Really tasty food. Restaurant is very clean and good service. Highly recommended to all.
I may give 5 stars if they consider improving the ambience of the restaurant. The food is fresh and great. The whole restaurant is clean and good staff also. But you will not get privacy while you are in the restaurant. Old and traditional table and chair arrangements and wherever you turn you will see people. Except the privacy and ambience, this is a great vegitarian restaurant in the city.
If you are looking for Kerala Style sadhya, this is the right place to be. Go there before 12.30 PM to avoid heavy rush.
I happen to visit Mothers Veg Plaza in late-March 2017, along with my parents. We reached the restaurant around noon and crowd was yet to start flowing. The restaurant has limited parking for cars, however it has good ambiance and is maintained pretty well inside. We thought of tasting their Kerala Sadhya - something most talked about.  Soon a waiter, served us in banana/plantain leaves, about some 20 plus dishes like Parippu vada, Sharkara Upperi, Chips, 3 different types of pickles, followed by pachadi, kichadi, aviyal, olan, thoran, potato curry, pappadam, etc. along with steaming hot Rice (brown/white based on our choice) and Sambar. Next to serve were 4 different types of Payasam, which included Semia, Ada, Pineapple payasam etc. along with Boli. Post this itself once might feel heavy. Post which, they serve us Pulissery, Rasam and Butter milk towards the end. In between the Owner/Manager of the restaurant was courteous in enquiring about the taste of the food and quality.  Price for such an elaborate meal was 180Rs, which we felt to be reasonable. Would definitely recommend others to try Mother Veg - one of the best Pure Veg restaurants in Trivandrum.
Sadya in Kerala means food or meal.  A yummilicious restaurant for enjoying vegeterian Kerala meal.  The food is offered on a banana leaf, with more than 25 items that are offered. I will try to share as much as I can:  Snack: Yellow banana wafer, dry turmeric fried patty, Kerala papadam, and Banana Pickles: Mango, Lime pickle, a Tamarind based chutney Raita/Pachadi: Pineapple based, Only curd based, Mixed veg and one more Rice: Thick unpolished white rice and polished rice Roti/Puri: Smack in your face...you don't get it here :-) Vegetables/Sabji: Potato, Tendli/Kundru/Ivy Gourd, and 2 more which I can't remember Sambhar, Rasam and 2 more liquid based gravies  Sweet Dish: 4 types of Payassam..yes, you read it right, 4 types and all super yummy Buttermilk for having a good digestion after such a meal  The people serving the food are always ready to serve you as much as you want, and few of them were always smiling when offering food, as I kept asking them in English and they also realised I wasn't from the state or knew their language  All of the above for only Rs.180 (which as per Kerala standards is on the higher side), was definitely worth the food.  Definitely a must recommend if you are around this locality or can manage to travel a little (as Trivandrum anyways doesn't need you to travel a lot for more places).
Good food, good service, very nice people one to one approach and even you get advice how to have the sadhya dishes. Very nice ambience... best food on best rate...love the sadhya.....
This restaurant was adjudged 'The Best' from a score of hotels during the last Onam festival (2016), lots of lip smacking payasams (that deserts for Non-Malayalees).  I have had the pleasure of having them cater for a family function, for which they provided excellent food. Will order again if the occasion arises.  Please remember this is a Pure Vegetarian restaurant, so no fish or other Non-vegetarian items.  All in all an excellent experience.  Reducing one point because of their seating arrangements, this could be made a little more comfortable.  All the best Mothers Veg Plaza.
Usually, visit MVP for dinner. There are not wider choices as it a vegetarian restaurant. There is a long list of dosa varieties. Kerala steamed puttu, appam, Chinese and north Indian food are also served. Not suggested trying Chinese varieties. Fresh juices are not available and mostly restrained to mint lime and ice cold tea. When it comes to lunch the restaurant is generally crowded and good place to try authentic veg food of Kerala. Kerala Sadya special. Parcel service is available. Accepts Credit/Debit card and Paytm for cash. Parking is very limited and one need to manage by parking along roadsides
You can get variety of dosas. Tasteful too. Only veg dishes available. Good service.at times the when waiters are new, dishes get delayed.
food is delicious and tasty ,but the lady servers there are conjus and act as deaf and dump and will turned to our side only if we call more than two times as in court .Meals Rates to be reduced
The restaurant is generally busy in the noon. The number of assorted curries and pickles that goes along with the rice is really astounding. This is a favourite place during the famous Onam days when the Malayalees tend to splurge their clothes and ornaments. Those who do not have time to prepare the sumptuous meals during Onam order their meals from this restaurant and they welcome their friends from other states to enjoy the meal.
A place where you can enjoy the real taste of Kerala traditional meals.They serves lot of delicious curries ,rice and different varieties of payasam.Actually the restaurant was in a heavy rush in lunch tme so we were in a hurry to finish the meals.Any way the the veg sadya was very tasty.
Great place, very friendly people. Very good climate. Very comfortable and beutifully constructed locality
Yes lots of varieties of dosa is available. Nice taste too. Their noodle disappeared is what I liked most. The ambience is OK. Again it's kinda a busy restaurant. Good for vegetarian dishes. Nice place for a veg dinner
We were recommended this place by a fellow passenger on our trip to India.We had the kerala sadhya (banana leaf buffet). This was the best meal we had in India. Our kids want to visit Trivandrum again just to have a meal here. The food was absolutely delicous , freshly prepared, more than 20 dishes served with so much love by the staff and the owner . even my husband who is not a big fan of south Indian cuisine absolutely loved the food. I'm not sure about the rest of the menu as we didnt try it but the kerala sadhya here was simply divine.
The food was delicious and priced right. Kerala Sadhya was sumptuous. However be careful if you ask for an extra serving of Boli (dessert) as it is charged Rs 10 in addition to what you pay for the meal.
Went ter few times only dosas were good.but was terrible not at all cooked.last time ordered paneer butter masala,the curry was terrible . Being a veg hotel they don't even know how to prepare paneer...another point is that the plates were also not clean.
I had vegiterian lunch once from this hotel, it is situated Bekery junction . Price is reasonable . Big crowd at noon time
Its normal kerala Sadhya and good dosas ....I feel it's over hyped...Nothing very special...The place is always crowded but service prompt and fast..Hope they have a AC wing too some times it gets too hot...Can visit once for experience.. Parking is an issue....We also had their catered food at an even during Onam unfortunately it was below my expectation!
The restaurant situated near RBI Office is one of the best Vegeterian Restaurant partially as it is awesome for it's Kerala Sadhya. But if you expect south Indian Snacks like Dosas you may get cold dosas or preprepared heated dosas. Pricewise bit over priced restaurant.
First time i visiting this place was on mid of 2016, and found i was not served with lot of dishes. Visiting again on jan 2017 first week, and liked the traditional kerala sadya served in banana leaves that too with 4 payasams. Superb. I liked it and gone back again next weekend.When you are in a feel of having sadya, go this place. Owner is also very helpful and i have seen he giving tips to north indians/foreigners how to eat a kerala sadya.  Note:  Each sadya cost 160 rs  And they serve sadya until 4:30 pm,which is exciting,but better be thr before 3 pm to enjoy the sadya hot !
Situated in the heart of Trivandrum, this is a restaurant that serves very tasty Vegetarian fare. The meal, served on the typical Kerala style on a bananaleaf is resplendent with all the items usually included in the Kerala Meal (Sadya).The meal will make you comfortable, not feel heavy. Same is the story with the other snack items served, hot, crispy, tasty. Ghee Roasts are made out of real ghee. Spacious and neat one can visit the place with friends or family . Parking of vehicles is also not a challenge. The place provides the typical motherly or homely dishes at very reasonable rates. A must visit .
A bit overpriced restaurant that serves 99 types of dosa and "the Kerala sadya" . It's pure veg and may be a good place to eat just once in your life. This is because the curries for the sadya never change, they are the same everyday.
They have a varity of about 101 types of dosas, which attracts all ages of people. A very good verity of all types of veg dishes. The veg meals is one of the best in thiruvananthapuram.
This is the place to get the best Kerala sadhya ,They serve it with the best dishes and they also guide the order in which each dishes should be tried . The dilkush dosa was something very delicious . This place will bit crowded during lunch and dinner time ,but the wait is worth it.
The place is clean and tidy. They have an amazing variety of Dosas on offer prepared in an open kitchen. The service is good. A nice pure vegetarian place. Not too expensive. Good value for money.
It's a good option for Kerala Sadya. The food is tasty with 4 varieties of payasam and boli. The place is crowded and be there early to ensure your seats!
My host recommended this place, it was busy when i arrived, Rs 100 for sadya, it was delicious, they were adding more while i was eating. Definitely will come back
I along with my family visited the mother veg Plaza restaurant and the food was amazing the owner himself came to explain each and everything to us and even told us the sequins to have the food the taste of the food was amazing the service was also nice. Sachi bolu toh naa hogyi thi khana kha kha k
Kerala being predominantly sea food favourite foodies we were worried that it will be difficult to find a good pure vegetarian restaurant.  But as Mother's Veg Plaza was highly recommended by fellow TripAdvisor members we decided to give it a try. And believe us we went there 4 times during our 2 days stay at Trivandrum.  The variety of Dosas is mind boggling. And whichever item we tried were different and very tasty.  And the lunch ( Sadya) was simply outstanding. There were so many varieties of sambars, rasams and payasams that we had to over eat. It was a wonderful experience.  We will recommend to everyone and come back here again whenever in Trivandrum.
I tasted the Best Onam Sadya here. Mother's Veg Plaza is located in Bakery Junction. Onam Sadya - Upperi, Pappad, Banana, 3 types of Pickles, 4 types of Kichady, Vegetables, Aviyal, Kootu, Sambar, Dal, Rasam, Curd, 4 types of Kheer, Vada. All just for 160rs. Best Lunch i have ever had. Value for Money.
The food here is good. But I will suggest to have only south Indian food and leave the Chinese food to try at some Chinese restaurant only. The soups are horrible. We left both ,the sweet corn and the hot and sour unfinished after tasting it. But the dosas, the appams, the rice and dal were really great. They have more than 100 dosas varieties and a very expansive south Indian food menu. one thing that I want to share with my readers is that if u are looking for eating on a banana leaf as we all want, then please visit this place before 3pm. They don't serve it in the evening. But the management has to really look into the behaviour and the attitude of the staff. They just don't listen to u. The usual courtesy, the hospitality, the smile , the politeness is not at all there in any of the waiters. Hope they don't bring down the name of this fabulous eating place.
good food. but its was crowded during dinner time and we have to wait and it was lot of rush. but food was tasty and good
Visited Mothers Veg Plaza last week during my Kerala trip. Really worth place to enjoy Onasaddya, the Keralian delight . The owner was very much cordial and was serving the guests as well. Price was 160, but will be increased to 180 from Jan,17.  Dont miss the visit to this place during your Trivandrum visit.  This hotel got ToIs 1st prize during competition, which it really deserves.
Kerala sadya, a vegetarian feast, served on plantain leaf is an integral part of festivals and social gatherings. Priced at Rs. 160/-, the feast, complete with 5 curries, 20 odd side dishes and 4 payasams, is a great value for money.  They have limited parking facilities, so if you are on a 4 wheeler, better to park near museum and walk rest of the distance.  Food tasted okay, but wasn't served hot. Don't expect great ambience either. The place gets really crowded at lunch time, especially on weekends.  Highly recommended for visitors and vegetarian food enthusiasts alike.
IF you want perfect kerala style food, you must visit this place. For rs. 160/- lot of items and sweets were served along with meals. Staff response is also good. you have to wait during peak time. Best veg food i had in kerala.
favorite place for family dining to get kerala experience with sadyaa, value for money and excellent quantity
if in Trivandrum, You must visit Mothers Veg Plaza for traditional kerala style sadya. Mothers plaza team are also friendly and manager helps you understand the speciality of each dish and would make you follow the order on how to consume Kerala Style Sadya. Been there regulary, I would strongly recommend tourists to try Keral Style sadya from Mothers Veg Plaza.
There are two categories of people in the restaurant business. One who do it for money and others who do it for passion. Although it is a pretty crowded place and finding a place to sit is a tough ask it is all worth it for people who wish to enjoy a Kerala Sadhya. The way in which things are served is pretty authentic with a lot of local population enjoying their meals in this place. What set this place apart is the eagerness of the host who on identifying me and my family as an outsider came in and guided us as to how to consume the meal in the best possible manner. His warmth was definitely visible in the quality of food being served. Every bite that we savored upon was an experience in itself. With close to 30 items on the offer we really enjoyed every item. The owner guided me to have the banana with one of the sweet dishes so that its taste can be better enjoyed. The lunch was topped with 3 sweet items and each item was different than the other. The palatable nature of food in any restaurant is in direct proportion to the ethics of the host and this restaurant just proves this point. It is a must visit place for Non Kairalis who wish to enjoy the vegetarian side of Kairali food.
It is a good place for Kerala Sadya with many items full on the planten leaf. Good taste also. It is available parcel also with moderate quantity sufficient for a family.
An outstanding presentation of a saddhya meal. The meal is all about course eating. It begins with rice and dal. Moves on to rice and sambhar. Then rice and kadhi. Then rasam and then lassi to end. A varieties of chutneys ,vegetables and sweets flow through in between. The best part is you don't feel heavy after eating it. And the experience is novel and pleasurable. If in Trivandrum- Don't miss it.
so variety of doss... good environment good service .....easy parking...best sadya at very reasonable rate.
GREAT Masala dosa is good and lot of variety is there service is good Noon lunch is also good but parking is a problem
In Kerala , to have a good pure vegetarian hotel is quite a difficult one. Thnx to the vegetarian population at Trivandrum, this city is an exception. This restaurant stands tall among the pure vegetarian restaurants here.  This one though famous for its lunch, offers multi cuisine dishes as dinner . Dosa seems to be their USP. The mothers veg special dosa (costing Rs120) is a never miss item. It is a fusion item between the southindian dosa and cheese pizza …  The ambience is calm and quite. Being located in a bye road near Bakery junction, parking may not be a problem, though the restaurant provides parking spot for 4-5 cars only .  The open kitchen concept gives us a feel good factor too…  An average cost may come in the order of Rs150-200 per head
We had a lovely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza. It was an authentic meal with 4 types of pickles, 4 Raitas, Avial and another vegetable, brown/white rice, Sambhar, Rasam, Papadam, buttermilk, banana and 5 types of Payasams! The best Malyali meal we have had! Very friendly and warm waiters. Very special!
Hotel mothers is a very good option for a south india vegetarian meal. You may need to wait for sometime before you get a seat but that wait is worth. They serve delicious south indian banana leaf sandhya. Must visit if you are in Trivandrum
Recommended place to have food while in Trivandrum.. Try Pizza dosa... Value for money.... Service is slow though..but that is understandable..
Centrally located clean and affordable veg eating place.Kerala special lunch is the most attractive food.
If you are alone this is not a place to go. They only seat 4 per table. Totally disorganized really no one to receive you. You stand there and watch and observe.  Lots of people to serve food. Food seems to be ok but you sit next with totally strange people who eat with hands with different styles.  I was there to have a Kerala Oonu experience In a Banana Leaf. Some if the items are served bare hands like plantain chips, Vada etc. It was ok just for once.
Almost all offbeat Kerala delicacies on one banana leaf..  I have never written a review so early, the meal that I just finished forced me to write..I am a North Indian and not very familiar with typical Kerala cuisine except the ones that everyone knows.  Place was totally occupied, still the owner paid us special attention..explained how the entire process of eating different things in a particular order makes it ayurvedic and made us try every single delicacy.  There were roughly 25 items that they served us and everything was amazing..and the biggest surprise.. all this for only 160 bugs only.
We came here with a group of westerners and some locals. Everyone in the group was very satisfied by the experience. They serve a typical kerala sadhya which is usually served only for weddings of Onam festival. This restaurant provides it year round. The reason it is served only on special occasions is because the whole meal is very labour intensive and most home can't make this on a daily basis. So this is very satisfying experience for expats like me who typically don't get to have this on a short visit back home and people who have a craving for a good extensive sadhya. Don't expect attentive service from the servers. They are harried and working at an insane pace. But no complaints. The owner came by and explained the science behind the meal and why we eat it in a particular order. The best part is the value. It came up to about 1000rs or like 15$ for 6 people for a 6 course vegetarian meal with like 4 desserts!!!  I would definitely visit again next time I go back.
The restaurant is located in a convenient location. The exterior such as parking is an attraction. But interior gives a feeling it is not a restaurant but a dining hall. It reminded me of some marriage function. Food is okay. I cannot say value for money. But good ambiance as the customers are mostly families and regular customers. I may not suggest for young couples.
Place is good for South Indian food Do not order north India food here, you will get a weird test. Dosa is testy, no doubt. People will understand you even you do not speak Malayalam.
I've been to Mothers Veg Plaza for lunch (their traditional Kerala sadhya). Recently, I went there a couple of times for dinner. They serve a wide variety of dosas, including some chef's specials (apart from other veg dishes). The dosas range between Rs. 60 - Rs. 140, reasonable comparing the quality and quantity.  They cut the dosas into two or four pieces, so, the best option - if you are a group of people - is to order two or three dosas and share.  They have sufficient parking space (just opposite to the hotel) and accepts credit crads, Sodexho coupons and zeta cards - could be handy under the current circumstances :-)
I was looking for a place to have traditional vegetarian Sadhya while I was travelling in Kerala. Found Mothers veg Plaza as a highly acclaimed place to have it. It was a decent place and after browsing the menu I decided to have Sadhya. I was served a banana leaf (it was the plate) and then the servers kept pouring n number of items and I was trying to keep pace with them. Every item I was served had distinguished taste and I relished each and every one of them. I would love to visit Trivandrum again just to have Sadhya at Mothers veg Plaza.
We were staying at Kovolam and asked our host to recommend a lunch spot in Trivandurum. His instant response was Mothers Veg Plaza so we would get a taste of authentic prize winning Kerelan food. We arrived at a busy time and it was almost full of what seemed to be locals taking a quick lunch. the speed at which the food was served and eaten was amazing. I think I can eat fast but these guys can really eat. Every part of the meal which is served on the banana leaf was superb, you eat with your fingers so use the excellent and clean washroom. Bottled water is available for delicate European tummies like mine and it's just a great experience eating excellent food. I can totally recommend going there and have no worries about cleanliness and if you are lucky the manager will talk you through each dish. Our rickshaw driver didn't know the restaurant itself but just ask for Bakery Junction and you'll be fine.
Visited the place for a late lunch with family. Fully enjoyed the traditional Sadya meal. The food was very tasty with a nice spread. The staff explained us the food items and traditional way of eating Sadya. Must visit place if you are in city.
Delightful and innovative menu. There's something for everyone's taste. It's a clean, hygienic family restaurant. The owner keeps moving in the serving space non-stop. The waiter's are helpful and courteous. The Thali is delectable. The payasam is out of this world!  Your Trivandrum visit should definitely include this wonderful eatery. My hearty congratulations to the owner of this lovely place!
THe hotel offered great OnaSadya during Onam. The variety and spread was amazing. Taste was even better. A decent looking restaurant with good variety of food.
Vry good service all staffs are vry frndly with guest. I dnt get words say about there special dosa it's really awesome I never get a taste like this. It's awesome. Now everyday am having a dosa from this restaurant
This is very for sadhya (traditional Kerala meal) multi payasam is their attraction . Good taste is nice .. ambienice is not good that much .. they have to take steps for seat alocation.. people are waiting behind all tablets seems very bad .. night 100 varieties dosa ...
Food quality and taste is good. But service is very very poor. They think they have all. Junk manager junk owner
The food is excellent can't say anything about the taste as it is absolutely superb, but I rated only 3 because of these following reasons : 1. On thiruvonam day last year I had ordered a takeaway for 5 people, they had asked me to be there by 11am but didn't get till 2pm 2. Had to wait outside with a huge crowd on a festive day. 3. Had the chance to have sight of the kitchen area which was smelly and not that clean,but still had to bear everything because it was not possible to get food from another place on such a festive season.  I don't know about the cleanliness of kitchen in other hotels but this hotel seriously needs to make cleanliness a priority.  I am sorry I don't want to shoo off anyone with this horrible 3rd point but it is a fact.
The restaurant is tucked in a secluded place within a busy junction, still it’s amazing how a lot many people get to find it out. Word of the mouth advertising at its best, maybe. O.K. The place is immaculately clean. Especially their washroom area, easily the best in class. Food lovely, only vegetarian, of course! There’s a good variety in breakfast and dinner menus where you can experiment different dosa types. But for lunch, the tested ‘Thali’ seems to be everyone’s favourite. Parking space is limited but the staff will somehow find one for you! Recently the owners seem to have acquired a plot of land opposite the restaurant for parking, but the approach is narrow, uphill and slippery! Just be a little cautious when deciding the park there! Rest assured, it’s a lovely place to have a good, hot meal!
You could get the best sadya in the most reasonable price here. Not only the sadya anything in that menu will not disappoint you,whether it's the different varieties of dosa or the North Indian dishes like stuffed naan or veg kadai. They have maintained the restaurant very neat and clean,you could see them making the dosa live.My 2yrs old kid is a big fan of mothers plaza,she could see her dosa made live and which excite her to eat it. I visit her atleast twice every month . Highly recommended
Delicious food n cordial staff. Captivating spread - 100 varieties of Dosa, innumerable types of Payasam, multitude of chutneys, delectable veggies n curries. Despite it being such a large setup, the owner Mr Sanal gives personalized attention to the guests, sharing with them the tradition n peculiarity of each dish. Truly, each dish was mouth-watering and had its own distinctive flavour. It was a once in a lifetime experience - must visit. Couldn't have been more pocket friendly
Sadhya is traditional Kerala lunch with lot of side dishes, snacks and sweet varieties. This restaurant is having Sadhya as there main menu item. Comparatively good in the town. Never tried anything else from here. Worth a try for Onam...
Traditional Sadya is served on all days at a rate of Rs 160/- per person. 4 sets of payasams (kheer) were served and were yummy. Have enough seating capacity so that you often get a space to sit. Strictly Veg only.
One of the best places to get traditional kerala sadya in Trivandrum. Priced at around 150 Rs they serve sadhya with a wide range of accompaniments and side dishes. They also have 2(3?) variety payasam and boli. All the dishes are unlimited and you will not stop until your stomach is full. Other than sadhya at noon they serve good vegetarian food and is famous for their varieties of dosa
You will get very good Sadhya here. ( Sadhya is a variety of pure vegetarian dishes traditionally served on a banana leaf in Kerala. ). Recently I visited along with my 2 Swiss friends for having Sadhya here. They enjoyed the traditional meals here. One of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. Please is crowds because of good food.
very close to bakery junction,opposite to Indrapuri rajadhani hotel, this is a smart vegetarian restaurant serving authentic south indian vegeterian food. their lunch SADYA, in traidtional banana leaf can compete with a posh hindu wedding meal...!.very hospitable staff, clean toilets,good parking space etc are their other plus points.also reasonably priced.
I was in Thiruvananthapuram couple of weeks back on a business trip. Friend Prakash narrated about the Onam Sadya the Traditional food cooked during Onam festival and the same available for lunch at Mothers veg plaza. We all went in to have a taste of this traditional food, it was Fantastic. ....about 20+ variety of different items and the Hotel owner comes in to explain the importance of all the variety and the Ayurveda medicine value of the food.  The staff are extremely hospitable, they serve with love......A must visit veg hotel in Thiruvananthapuram .......Attached few pictures
Excellent veg restaurant in trivandrum. This is a city where veg cuisine is very few as compared to enormous number of non-veg restaurants. Of course the thali meals called as Sadhya in Kerala is popular in this restaurant. They are also offering more than 100 varieties of Dosas too. Really worth trying out from their menu choices - Manchurian Dosa is my son's favourite..Nice accompaniments of Sambar & Chutney...
Visited the place few days ago.Perfect for traditional and authentic Kerala sadya.Very congested.Taste was fine
Visited this place based on the reviews. There was the usual Sunday crowd. The two ladies at the counter did not even bother to seat the people on a first come first served basis and was least bothered when requested to book a seat. Finally when we managed to get a table the waiter seemed to be least bothered to take an order - as though we did not exist. After we waited patiently, when we approached the waiter to take our order, he was arrogant. We ordered Dosas and it arrived without the chutney. when we managed finally to get the food, it was reasonable for a vegetarian restaurant - nothing a big deal about it. However the taste of the food was totally spoiled by the attitude of the 2 ladies who were supposed to be part of the management and the horrible attitude of the waiters. Any person with a bit of a self respect would not visit this place again to be treated in such a manner to eat a normal standard food. DO NOT RECOMMEND if you would like to have a tasty food along a proper customer service. In this era when organizations try to delight customers, Mothers Veg Plaza seems to be ignorant that customer satisfaction is part of the service.
The best place to experience classic Kerala sadya . the food is excellent and service extremely efficient. This is a very busy restaurant so be prepared to wait or share a table with others. The washing area is a little messy but the toilets are clean and well maintained.
Never miss this restaurant, if you like the Kerala traditional Sadya (feast).  They have sadya on all days.  They serve lot of 'Koottaan' and 'curries' and are too yummy. Their mango pickle is outstanding.  Also, the Ada payasam & Pal paayasam are one of the best available in town.  The best part is their service - They are too fast & professional! You dont need to wait in the table atleast for a second.
Though this place is famous for the traditional Kerala lunch called 'sadya' I tried their Dosa varieties and found it really nice. They have so many varieties of Dosa and you might get confused which one to choose. Some are really heavy and filling. They also serve Appam, Puttu etc.which are ideal for breakfast/dinner.
Really nice kerala sadya which you can customise according to your appetite . If really hungry can order the costlier one . Dosas are average . I liked their sadya . Easy to locate near bakery junction
Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. The sadhya was excellent and its a great place for vegetarian food lovers.
Delicious sadya and the lots of dosa varieties. Great choice for affordable vegetarian food. Worth the price!
A must go for all the traditional sadya lovers out there.. Near Bakery overbridge opposite ambrossia.
A ton of food, consumed in about half hour or so, left me absolutely filled to the brim and tired. If you are hungry and want to eat a very heavy meal and want to sleep out the afternoon, this restaurant is an absolute must. Try coming early, say by 11.30 a.m. to beat the crowd - else get ready to stand in line. One item after another keeps coming to you and I stopped counting after a while. The food is very good, not exceptional, but very, very good. The people who serve them are very nice and kind and keep coming back to you asking if you'd like more. They make sure you get everything and enjoy your meal. I have had food here a few times and never got disappointed about the Sadhya. Their a la carte north Indian food was pathetically bad the only time we ordered.
This modest place serves tasty Kerala sadya on a banana leaf with all the accompaniments. Finished off with 2 payasams... the last one being the white payasam with boli or boondi. All the items are tasty. I like the pineapple pacgaadi the best. Rice served is of 2 varieties: white or chemba brown. Just gesticulate to the waiters for a refillof any dish. All for a neat sum
The resturant has good selection of dosa's. The taste of those was also quite good. We ordered a few variety's and liked most of what was ordered. The service is very good. We went on a weekday and the restaurant was almost full.
I visited this place for dinner. Had just ghee dosa and ginger lime. Both of them were good..especially my dosa was damn crunchy..enjoyed it by having one more...I checked the menu and saw a lot of varieties of dosa ..100 they claim.. but refrained from tasting as I was just out of a food poisoning..:).. They have lot of other appealing dishes too which I saw on neighbouring tables..  Good staff and good quality of service..reasonable rates... Clean..what else you want?? Will visit again with family..
1 Excellent for Kerala Sadya's 2 Feels like a homely food 3 Large no of people can be accomodated for authentic sadhya
Visited the place with family. Service was terrible : 1) They never give you time to eat. The staff keep serving dish after dish like robots. They never even ask if they can serve. They just go ahead and drop it on the leaf.  2) They never served the full course of Kerala Sadhya, which is expected if they are charging INR 160 per meal.  3) Once the staff has served your table, its almost impossible that he/she will return to your table. For eg. if u r still eating your sambar course and the staff has come to serve payasam, u better make space and take the payasam right there because the staff will never be back for sure.  4) We went with elderly parents and 2 toddlers. Also took kids meals coupons which costed INR 100/- per meal. My dad asked for puliseri and pappadam for kids repeatedly. Not one staff even acknowledged the request, forget serving us.  5) A staff came to grab my leaf even before I finished my meal. I had to literally shoo him away.  6) Watch out as to which day you are going. We went on a Saturday around 12:30pm (Saturday is a working day for most establishments in Kerala) . The restaurant was extremely crowded. There was no organised way of allotting seats. It is left for customers to fight it out. We got seats after a lot of running around.  All in all, what was intended as a family outing turned out to be a nightmare. Quality of food (whatever we could manage to eat) was ok, but the regrettable service dragged the experience way down.  My verdict is that for those who have never tried Sadhya, this might be a novelty.  For malayalis, I strongly recommend to avoid. Not worth it for Rs.160 per meal.
Went here after reading reviews here. OMG! Superb Kerala meals!!! I am an hardcore NonVeg guy but this place blew me. Super stuff and also fried rice/dosa's etc for the ones who don't like meals. Super crowded place but the service is awesome. Rs.160 for the meal is like a killer deal. The owners of the place keep coming around and ask if we want something etc etc. Overall an awesome place and will goto Trivandrum only for this :)
A trip down south can't be complete without an authentic sadhya, lunch thali on banana leaves with all the local delicacies. Mothers veg plaza is your go to place. the restaurant is clean, has air conditioning . The service is great... u are not hurried to finish ur meal and leave. And the food is superb. Also this place offers dosa and others items ... so if in a group a few do not want to eat the set meal they can pick the a la carte items.
If any one looking for kerala traditional veg meal (Sadhya)Mother veg plaza is the right chose in Trivandrum city.THEY SERVE RICE (WHITE &CHAMBA)ON BANANA LIVES WITH 5 VARIETIES OD PICKLES AND 10 VARIETIES OF SIDE DISHES ALONE WITH THREE VARIETIES OF `PAYASAM`.This restaurant also serves al south india dishe like varities or dosa,paratta, chapthi etc. This resturent have very few paraking place but we can park car on road side nearby.
delicious kerala sadhya will be serving in banana leafs wit includes of essential side dishes mak tis restaurant spcl...bt the sadst part is seating availability and the crowd which exclude the peaceful get together...
Our driver had stopped the vehicle at this place when we asked him to take us to a fine veg restaurant in this city. His selection was very nice as our family enjoyed the sumptuous lunch served here. In spite of the huge crowd the caterers are doing a great job by attending to the customers without delay. The food served was very delicious and really very enjoyable
Nice resturant with good ac. lots of choices for dosa. most of them are different taste with different presentation.
Mothers Veg Plaza is a rather corny name for a restaurant that serves authentic Kerala Sadya (vegetarian feast) on the lines of that served at weddings. The spread is good and wholesome, with most of the curries and accompaniments that are provided during wedding feasts, including a couple of payasams, all spread out on a banana leaf. I always have a kerala sadya at Mothers whenever I visit Thiruvanathapuram and am never disappointed with the taste or service. During lunch time they offer the Kerala Sadya as well as the more sumptuous Special Meals; the latter can be needlessly extravagant and not recommended for weight-watchers. At less than Rs 200, the sadya is reasonably priced and attracts large crowds but the restaurant staff go out of the way to ensure that you dont wait long. Recommended. (Mothers phone: 0471-4012255).
The restaurant has hundreds of varieties of dosas and they are delicious. The place has a nice ambiance and is not expensive for its quality.
This place serves authentic Kerala Sadhya ( vegetarian meal served on a banana leaf). The food is tasty and you have a choice of the full sadhya or the limited offerings. The place is very crowded for lunch, with customers waiting around your table for you to get up, so that they can occupy the seat! Service is super fast. They want you to eat fast and leave and make way for the next! Good place for a quick meal. Excellent value for money. Not a place for a relaxed family and friends lunch outing.
The best place to relish authentic Kerala "sadhya".  The service is super fast...although you have to keep reminding for a repeat serving sometimes. As you sit down and hand over the food coupons which you have to purchase from the counter before you choose a table, the plantain leaves are laid out in front of you & the gastronomic experience begins. Food is perfect to the "t" and the payasam (kheer) is simply out of this world!
Clean ambience with authentic full course kerala sadhya served in banana leaf on all days is the key attraction... In addition we can also try different varieties of dosa & north indian curries with wide varieties of rotis... Above all the care taken by the owner himself in satisfying the customers personally needs an applause
This small restaurant is located near the bakery junction in the central part of Trivandrum.  It is a mid-range restaurant that specializes in Saadhya (Kerala) - veg meals. If one is in Trivandrum, this place is worth a visit for a meal.  Nothing fancy; a bit crowded and may not always look neat.
One of the places where sadya is available everyday and the taste is traditional as you could get. Will be very crowded on holidays and lunch time, but worth the wait if there is no traditional hindu marriages around in the calendar or Onam eve. Rush during Onam season is too much. Without reservation during those festive season is almost impossible to get in on time.
Ideally located and close to the Bakery junction, just opposite to the Russian culture centre, this joint serves good vegetarian food. The special Kerala Sadya is a favorite but to be warned that it is difficult to complete the whole meal unless you are told in advance of the items following in the menu. Would have preferred that newcomers be notified of the menu in details so as to be prepared for the desserts. Overall the food is good but since the place gets crowded at times, this could have a bearing on the quality of services, specially on holidays. parking is also limited and must be lucky to find a space that is close to the restaurant.
Dont expect a fancy dining experience here. The restaurant is basic but clean. The sadya (traditional Kerala meal) is as authentic as it gets. The restaurant serves interesting varieties of dosas too. The service can be a bit slow at times.
Kerala Sadya is a traditional dish where Rice is served with many vegetables and chutneys on a banana leaf with some sweet dishes at end, all intended to be eaten with bare hands (Though you'd get spoon too as I asked for but felt embarrassing to be the only one using it).  This dish being traditional isn't easily available as it takes very long. Many restaurants suggested to make 24hr booking in advance. But this hotel is specialized for this and serves it daily in lunch (pp 160/- only).  If you're near Kovalam beach, on the way you would find a traditional saree purchase shop on right (which has excellent collection and price) and also the very famous Padmanabhaswamy very near to this restaurant.  It is ~12 km from kovalam beach and serves Sadya till 4pm.
Throbbing with people, this little Indian "fast food" style cafe'/restaurant is a taste of real Kerala. Tucked away at Bakery Junction, a little street well away from the main thoroughfare, it has absolutely no frills, as the waitresses come round and dollop your food onto a giant banana leaf, lining up the various specialties in their preferred or recommended order of consumption. The service is "a gogo" - as much as you can eat. Noisy, bustling and totally "decontracte'", you are obliged to eat with your fingers (right hand please) - which is an art in itself for most westerners. Our guide seemed to have specially curved long, slender fingers which allowed her to tackle all the vittels on offer. Rice was a challenge, but we managed better when we glued it all together with a tasty veg. curry pile. Don't go if messiness offends you, but there is a washroom close-by at the back of the restaurant to remove the remnants of your meal. Soft drinks only, (no beer) and one would be advised to only take something from an unopened bottle. The pink liquid we were offered certainly didn't look very appetising! Although all this sounds awful on writing, it was a wonderful, colourful, clattery, unique experience that we wouldn't have missed for the world. Thank you Nimi, (our hostess from the Niraamaya resort) for showing us this place and for how to eat in true local style.
Love kerala food, but this place was a little disappointing. There are only 2 types of spread here that people suggest you - sadya and regular meals. Sadya is a spl meal that has many items on the spread, all these served on a plantain leaf. Went there for lunch on a Sunday(Jan 24, 2016), sadya was over and the regular meal itself was not that great. The staff were confused as to what to serve whom and this confusion goes on and on. A place for vegetarians, definitely.
you can feel the real taste of kerala's authentic cuisine at this restaurant, I like this place very much because I can feel the taste of my mom's food again at the heart of the city...
My friend suggested that we should have Sadya here...and we ordered ... the varieties were too many, and one cannot do justice to this... The food quality is fine, but it was cold ... could have been served warm if not hot.... The restaurant is slightly chaotic, people moving here and there and making noise, probably if the management can fix this... a great place to eat with family
A crispy dosa is a delicacy in itself and Mothers Veg Plaza takes lead in serving the best dosas in the city. Be it the sweet chocolate dosa or the stylish pizza dosa, Mothers Veg Plaza delivers not just great taste but also vast variations. A fine and dandy place for all dosa lovers.
Super yumm treat ! Our trip felt complete to Trivandrum after a visit to Mothers Veg Plaza. Amazing variety of a five course meal which was served with such care. The owner took special attention and explained the significance of every meal course. Would definitely visit Trivandrum only to enjoy this sumptuous sadhya once again ! Keep the good work going !
In Mothers Veg Plaza the specialty is traditional Keral Sadhya (Tali). It is delicious and tasty. Traditionally Sadhya is served in plantain leaf. 12 vegetarian side dishes with rise, banana, banan chips, pappad, curd, Payasam (sweet). It is tremendous.
Too many varieties in sadhya. One would not have this on a regular basis.Taste not so great but good
If you love to have plantain leaf meals experience (Sadya) then this is the place I would recommend . Reasons to recommend; Fully vegiterian, Served like typical marriage/function type Available on all days Sadya curry Quality can improve
As first-day foreigners we wanted a safe intro to local foods and we were treated to an experience as the boss directed us through an 18 course banana-leaf borne meal. (It arrives as one)There is a sequence to follow but let your mouth guide you. For example I can't handle very hot so minimised red dish intake. The staff top-up any dish you finish and bring more rice. Drinking hot water (boiled) soothes the throat before eating, and yoghurt tones down the spicyness. Great value too.
A very neat, clean place in Trivandrum to enjoy an authentic sadhya meal. The lunch is served on banana leaf and 'at all you can eat' for Rs 160 the meal was simply awesome. A must go to place, while in Trivandrum. The Sadhya veg meal is served for lunch, while in the evening it turns into an a-la-carte menu place apparently serving 100 types of Dosas amongst other things as per its owner ! Must Visit.
Had a hearty Sadhya on a plaintain leaf ....very traditional and was tasty. Theada pradhaman followed by seminar payasam and boil were like icing on the cake. Later the same day ordered takeaway for dinner paneer masala dosa and curd rice. The delivery time was punctual and taste were awesome. Recommended to all vegetarians.
awesome lipsmacking food. the sweetdish is too good to ignore. sambhar and dal is to die for. Besides the owner himself comes and talks to everyone in the table and they overfeed their clients in the true sense
Went there with a group of colleagues for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised with the entire experience. It is rare to come across a meal being served on banana leaves in the traditional manner. Not only was the food excellent including several 'starters' and three sweet dishes but the service was impeccable with warmth and grace. The cost of the meal was very reasonable and will definitely make it a point whenever i happen to visit trivandrum
Went for lunch and had the thali. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are polite and hospitable. There was a lot of variety in the thali but I had a tough time with the very thick Kerala rice. Both the desserts were good.
It was an awesome experience, They serve around 25 no. of items including 10 types of chutneys, 2 types of rice 3 types of sweets Puri, Chach, Herbal Water & many more....  Overall I say its worth to try authentic kerala food here  Cons: Pls do not expect much hygen here, as they will serve you food in a very local kerala style which others may not like.
I had visited this restaurant in spite of knowing its speciality, and I should say it was an awesome experience there. I suggest everyone to visit at least once to taste its rich flavored authentic sadhya
I am regular customer to this place, i love the food, Especially the Meal "( Sadya )".  Loving it......  I cant express how good its, If you are looking for the real Sadya then you must try this.  Go little early, say between 12 to 1 , so you dont fall into rush and you will be much satisfied with the service.
This restaurant is an excellent place to have food in Thiruvananthapuram. They offer very tasty and quality food. Their service is also superb.
Found this restaurant by accident and went there for dinner. There was little parking space so had to use the street opposite the hotel. It is an AC rstaurant but the ambience is not that great. However they have tried to do their best with the existing facilities. Ordered chapathi and veg curries. It turned out to be really nice. Also there were a lot of servers and the waiting time was also less.  The food was great but felt it didnot come up to the level of the food at aryanivas even though i found that the cost was almost the same. The only bad thing may be the ambience. But well , it is one of the good veg hotels in trivandrum.
One hotel in Trivandrum which serves kerala sadhya 365 days during lunch time, those travelling to trivandrum should not miss.
we had booked their onamsadya 2 no.two weeks before and paid rs 750.rs 350 per sadya and waited in the queue from 11.30 to 1.15 but didnt got it.many people waiting got violent and finally they called police.we all returned back .mothers veg plaza owners please dont humiliate people atleast next onam onwards.
I am writing to let you know that I was aghast at the shameless service meted out to customer this afternoon, for lunch.  I have been a regular at this place, partly because the food is good and partly because it works to my preferred timings. However, today I was in for a shock to realise that the restaurant had limited it's serving to just the 'Onam Sadhya'.Onam was over two days ago and I was in thinking of their masala dosa, along with my family (who wanted to go for the normal sadhya). It was after we managed to find a table and sat down, when I was told by the waiter that they are not serving anything else but 'sadhya'. I thought it was okay and went to take the coupon, when it was informed by the lady at the counter that it comes at a special rate of 250 bucks!!!  Now, by then they had started serving my family. It would have been disrespectful to the food had we all got up and stepped out. I wish the management of the hotel showed some respect to its customer, informing them adequately about the special arrangements today. There were lot of people who came in and realising that they were fleecing the customers on account of onam, went away. My wife would not like us to be disrespectful to the food and hence we had to have the 'special onam sadhya'.  As regards the food, it was not the same good food we used to have. Quite a dip in the taste and especially the sambhar, The price was a staggering 2.5 times more than the normal for some average food...thanks!!!!  I wish the management takes cognisance of this matter and conduct themselves with credibility and integrity. Somewhere, in one master stroke, they have managed to reveal that they are susceptible to the temptations for money and have taken us for a good ride!!!!!!
This place offers a good traditional Kerala "sadya" lunch for families especially on Sundays. On weekdays, the place is crowded by lunch-seeking office goers; so go before 1 PM if you want a good service. Parking, especially for cars is a problem, being on a narrow road. Price is reasonable by Trivandrum standards.
Hi Friends once you are in Kerala/Trivandrum , you should experience the Kerala Sadya and for that you dont have to wait for some festivity. Go to Mother Veg Plaza and you can always experience the Kerala Sadya served in traditional plantain.  You can experience the serving style of Sadya and enjoy the meals there
A wonderful place to have good vegetarian sadhya for lunch in Trivandrum, good number of main course and side dishes and payasam for the sweet savvy mouth. I had been there with family to enjoy a good lunch.
In mother's veg plaza's website they said that they have free home delivery. I contacted them and they accepted my order and told me that they will deliver the food at 12:30. But I didn't get the food till 1 O clock. So I tried to contact them many times, but they didn't even took the phone. At last they took the phone and told that they send it 1 hour before. The invited guests were waiting for 1 hour and at last the food was delivered at 2 pm. The food was excellent but their respones was very very bad.
Good food and good service. Furnishing is very basic but quite clean. The restaurant is run more like a Udipi joint and hence it is meant for a quick and not a relaxed meal. Parking space is very limited.
Too much food on a banana leaf. Bit pricey but worth it. Owner himself helped n suggested in servings. Very very good food.
Excellent authentic "naadan sadya" after a long time. The food was sumptuous and payasams were out of the world. Worth visiting again....
We ate breakfast here. This place is supposed to serve more than 100 types of dosa. I am from Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu and I think I know a little bit of how a good dosa should taste!!! The dosa they served was too crispy, the girdle was too hot and you got a feeling of eating crispy flakes than dosa. The side dishes were above average. I did not taste their lunch and I cannot say anything about it.
Any visiters who visits Trivandurm can go this place , just 3 -4 KM from Temples and attracted places of trivandrum. good place and you get a real trivandrum Sadya. May not be a Star facility, still you can enjoy the food there
We had dinner at Mother's veg plaza. it is a quiet place at Vanrose junction in Thiruvananthapuram. They serve hundreds of varities of dosa. We ordered Jini dosa, Palak masala dosa, Paneer mysore masal dosa and Mother's special dosa. I liked Palak madal dosa, but others were too spicy for me. My son liked Paneer mysore masal dosa. But Mother's special was not so good. The service is excellent.
Its really a great experience to be here. Mothers food and also a mothers care. Happy to be here. Dont miss this place when you are in Trivandrum. Its really really awesome.
Traditional kerala lunch/feast served in plantain Ieaf to Cherish locals and visitors alike. Options to suit the quick business lunch as well as special feast for those to get a Fuller taste of the traditional Kerala feast
Whenever we feel the urge to have sadhya, this is the place we go in trivandrum. A meal costs 160 rs and you are served sadhya in the traditional style over a banana leaf. The waiters are helpful and always smiling and keep on urging you to have more. The food is simple and tasty. They also make one of the best lime sodas in town which goes very well with sadhya. Sadhya is available only for lunch and they also have around 100 different types of dosa for you. The seating is simple and clean. The only issue is with parking but the guard helps you in getting one. All in all , a must visit, if you want to savour the traditional food of kerala. One of our regular eating out place.
My wife & I were in Trivandrum recently. We happened to visit Mothers Veg Plaza for dinner. The food was good - restaurant very clean and service was excellent. If you want a good vegetarian meal (Kerala and other), pop into this restaurant. We enjoyed our more than one visit.
i had the opportunity to have the tasty sadhya at mothers veg plaza. sadya is the traditional kerala type feast served on occasions. though the place was crowded, due to presence of large numbers of servers/waiters, the experience was good. the sadya consisted of four ttypes of pickles, three currys, sambar, pulisery (a gravy prepared with butermilk), four type of pachidi, rasam and two types of payasam (dessert) of which one was palada pradaman and the other one was poli served witth milk payasam. the platter also consisted of a vada, papad sweet and salt chips. priced at Rs.160 it is value for money. tasty and homely food. just like mothers
Great Kerala food. Must visit for vegetarian and who like South Indian food. Only tried the Kerala Sadaya but can vouch for the quality and service was also good.
I stumbled upon this restaurant, while we were returning from Varkala one evening. We were visiting Kerala for vacation and being pure vegetarians we were having a hard time finding good food. Also, being north Indians, we sometimes craved for north Indian food. The problem in Kerala is that pure vegetarian restaurants mostly serve just south Indian meals. The multi-cuisine restaurants are always an option, even for pure vegetarians as they can just order vegetarian food.  But Kerala is different. Most non-vegetarian restaurants in India serve beef. Being Hindus, we did not want to eat in a restaurant which served beef. Hence to find an extremely neat and clean restaurant, which was fully AC, with fawning staff, great interior decor and a charming owner was a great find. The restaurant has an amazing variety of dosas and other south Indian dishes, and most of the usual fare of north-Indian dishes.  And besides, the restaurant serves these items on throw-away prices. We got good quantity gobi aloo dish for just 50 Rs, which was more than enough for two persons. A couple could eat in Mother's Veg Plaze for as little as 100/-!  Besides, the staff was very good. The place had a good ambiance and the service was also very good.  In a place where it is not very easy to find pure vegetarian upscale restaurant, (which are also cheap), this is a great place.  I would recommend this to every vegetarian who visits Trivandrum! It will be a delight!
Had experienced for the first time unlimited food being served in a long banana leaf. The type of lunch is called
Mother's Veg Plaza is popular for the vegetarian Kerala banquet called Sadhya, traditionally served on a plantain leaf. The main dish is plain boiled rice, served along with the curries Parippu, Sambar, Rasam, Pulisseri and curd, and dishes like, Avial, Thoran, Olan, Pachadi, Kichadi, Mango pickle, Lemon pickle, and ginger curry, collectively called Koottaan; as well as Papadam, Banana, Buttermilk, and plantain chips (salted ones and also jaggery coated ones) . Three kinds of the traditional dessert called Payasam is served at the end of the meal. A sweet called Boli is served along with milk payasam. Sadhya being served in a specific order, is not easy to be served in a hotel. Those who know the order can ask for the item which is to follow. Else, it can turn out to be a mockery of the traditonal Sadhya. I have also noticed that most of the people who serve here are not familiar with the traditional order. Yet, it's important that you can have a sadhya without having to wait for a traditional festival or wedding feast. The management is keen to attend to your needs though very often the crowd is unmanageable. Regarding taste, it's nowhere near the real sadhya.
The most mind blowing place to eat, a full healthy festive spread at Trivandrum , the place is very simple , but it's buzzing with people serving the most delicious food, ask for the saadhyam, the festival leaf meal. The owner is very cordial and attends and explains the spread the minute you make eye contact. It's very affordable and a must do. Also time your visit it packs up during lunch time.
if u wanna eat like a keralite go here!!!! the experience of eating with your bare hands is not for the faint hearted , i went back to my school days when i used to eat with my bare hands sitting in my moms lap watching cartoon, well thats a memory i can never forget!!!!
a real locals place but locals know best. Its spotlessly clean and the food is very tasty and the prices are cheap. Its places like this that convince me that you don't need to pay an aran abad a leg for really good food.
Nice refreshing tasty food, all veg with full malayalee splendor. Highly recommended especially for foreign tourists who want to try out the original malayalee wedding cuisine but don't personally know any recently marrying couple, since this is what you would expect at a grand malayalee hindu wedding. The food is excellent, reasonably priced and the staff are ever ready to serve you as much as you please. I took a Greek friend once with me and he absolutely loved it. Expect moderate spicy food. I think it was 160 per person.
The food was hygienic. People were very friendly. Would visit it everyone I come to trivandrum.would suggest to all veg kerela food lovers to visit this place
This is a pure veg restaurant that we visited at lunchtime whilst in Trivandrum. For 160rps we had a traditional thali served on a banana leaf. Very tasty, in fact the best thali I have eaten here in Kerala. The food is constantly being topped up.
Just been to play golf and this restaurant was on our way back to Kovalam. The staff pile the food on your banana leaf and it's all very tasty. Wish we had a restaurant like this near us in England. Keep it up and thanks to the owner and everybody for making us so welcome.
I went Trivandrum for 3 months, in last June, I tried many restaurants and dosas there, but all fell same, I felt Delhi serves good dosa then trivandrum, so I ignored my sir's opinion to visit this place, finally at last, nearly 26 august, I went, it was marvelous, then I went twice in a week, actually in 5 days, After coming to Delhi, I miss those dosas alot, will go for them again. There Butter and Ghee masala dosas are best.
The food is very tasty and variety of Dosas are very good. The afternoon meals are a real treat for the veggies. Though the items are priced a bit too high, the taste is very good.
Mothers Veg Plaza, at Vanrose junction, Thiruvananthapuram serves tasty traditional sadya. The standard sadya has rice, parippu, sambar, rasam, moru, aviyal, thoran, kichadis, 4 type pickles, vattal, parippuvada, two type payasams and boli. It is a full fledged sadya, costing Rs. 140. There are other variations - kids meal and special meals. The food is very tasty. But there is heavy rush during lunch hours and you may have to wait to get a table. But the wait is worth it if you are a fan of traditional sadya.
If you want to experience the "pakka" kerala meals then you want to get here. serving is in proper order of rice and curry. Which i have never seen in any other hotels .
A well managed restaurant of Variety of Dosa very testy value for money if you ate in thiruanantpuram you must visit the place one can also enjoy the traditional Kerala food on the banana leaf during day time
When a friend of mine was raving about a certain Vegetarian restaurant serving a fantastic Sadhya in Trivandrum, I was excited. So both of us accompanied by 4 others hunted down this restaurant. At first sight I was excited by the ambiance and the crowd. Though it had a sizable seating capacity, there were so many people waiting. The meal was being served on large plantain leaves, typical kerala style with lots of dishes. The waiters wearing hair caps ( not very common in India) were busy serving, led by none other than the owner himself. After a tantalizing wait, we got our seats. One by one the dishes were served. And what a disappointment. The food was so bland except for a few dishes. The Sambar, Avial and other regular kerala dishes didnt have the flavours. Even the puli Inji (a pickel with tamarind and ginger) tasted bland. The only saving grace was the deserts - two kinds of payasam and Pooran poli (or Boli). The food I feel was not authentic Kerala style except for the plantain leaves. However if you havent eaten a traditional Sadhya you might enjoy it. Also I must give full marks for the idea of seving a sadhya 365 days a year and also the commitment and involvement of the owner of the joint. Just one request add some of those spices.
The word Sadhya is Indian for a variety of vegetarian dishes served on a banana leaf. The traditional setting for marriages, deaths etc amongst Hindus, the Sadhya [ a word native to Kerala, India] in the right context can reach great heights On a recent trip to Poovar, Trivandrum, a group of friends had a leisurely lunch at Mothers Veg Plaza in Trivandrum. A short wait later, we were ushered to our tables. It is family managed set up, with the father playing the role of host and the daughter managing the till. The traditional sadhya was served, many pickles, savories, courses of rice to be had wither with dal or sambhar or rasam, accompanied by generous helpings of papads, a crunch savory. Desert too is served almost in courses. If you room left over, buttermilk rounds it up. The meal costs Rs 140 per head [ approximately $2.2]. The pricing is modest even by Indian standards, the gastronomy , global, even by international standards. Have the food here and you know why the gods were always smiling. Food of this quality eliminates rancour, releases feel-ggod hormones, calms the nerves and brings peace to the god. Climbing mountains doesn't seem out of reach and loving your neighbors seems the most obvious thing to do. The gods, they too, were observing and smiling
Great value for money! A simple yet elaborate pure veg Kerala meal. The owner, his wife and daughter make you feel right at home!
To anyone who has ever heard of or had the pleasure of enjoying the traditional Kerala meal, complete with being served on a plantain leaf, this hotel is HEAVEN!!!.  Visited this joint on 16th of Sep 2014 with business visitors from out of state. Absolutely loved their food, the ambiance, the hygiene and the attitude of staff. They use only natural ingredients to add colour and use not taste enhancers. Food is just GREAT!!!  The owner, Mr. Sanal came around personally to our table to enquire about the food and I saw him go around chatting with many guests. He is extremely passionate about his restaurant and it shows.  Came around in the evening with family to enjoy 100 varieties of Dosas on offer out of which 15 are unique to this joint.  To sum up, it is a MUST VISIT for foodies if you are in Thiruvananthapuram.
We went in the evening.Obviously Sadya was not available. Ordered three Different types of Dosas. Jini Dosa ..one rolled up with some paneer and spice inside and served like small cylinders. The other one was Pizza dosa resembling the texture of Pizza. The third one was a plain Rocket roast. Each of them costing around hundred. Have to say that the taste was Ordinary. Side dishes like Sambar was un-recognizable.The only relief was Pudina-Chutney.Ordered two Coffea as well which tasted more like made with milk powder.Overall it was a bitter experience in terms of taste.Ambience is Ok, nothing spectacular.Has a limited parking space for approximately 8-10 cars. Waiters were terrible, should say they were not able to manage the crowd.
If you are looking for Veg restaurant on MG Road, palayam, particularly authentic Kerala local food, this is the place to be. I went for lunch and happy to taste the authentic local cuisine at just Rs. 240 for unlimited Sadhya. The only issue was the language barrier with waiters, as they hardly knew hindi/english and so we were deprived of few good dishes which we could not ask properly. Still must try for veg food lovers!!
I don't find anything special than providing sadya 365 days, i am not so impressed with the taste quality and pricing, its average and may not go again
superb food , very filling and clean enviroment. came here twice for lunch during our 1 week stay here in trivandrum. The best pure vegetarian food i have ever tasted in my life. Friendly boss who helped my mother and my family of 6 adjust from Malaysia.
Goooooood Sadya.. all the items are really nice. Perfectly made curries and payasam is also good. For the money, too gooood! Must go place for those who like Sadhya.
Nice secluded place with great food and ambience. Parking facility is there. you will have a calm time with your friends or family if you come here. That's guaranteed.
We were specific with respect to no onions. The happy part is that the day we went the dishes didn't have onion. Thankfully and luckily we got what we wanted. Thanks Arul Joyothi admininstration.
This is one of my favourite place to eat vegetarian, especially if I do not have a lot of time and money to spend. I think I have visited the place 10-12 times in the last one year. The food not expensive, but of good quality. Service is not exceptional (it is not very unusual that the waiters forget some of the items that you ordered). The location is ideal to reach easily from other parts of the city, and we always get help from the guard to park our vehicle. One limitation is that the place/building is not easy to access for the physically challenged, like those in a wheel chair.
Seccond best Veg Restaurent after Arya Nivas. Good tasty Tamil nadu style Vgetarian Restaurent. almost as good as Arya Nivas
Had been there several times at lunch time. Their special lunch is much better than the normal lunch.
To drive into its parking area is cumbersome. It's better to park your vehicle on the road. The restaurant is neat and tidy, the cuisine is good. service is also good. Indian Chinese dishes are provided. worth a visit. Bon Appetit.
We thought Arul Jyothi is one of the best veg hotel in trivandrum and expected good service. So we opted to have breakfast in Arul Jyothi. But after placing the order we waited for about 45 minutes and no food was served or nothing was informed to us about the delay in serving food. It is seen that the sevice there is complete failure. So we left even without having food after waiting so long. Better not to choose Hotel Arul Jyothi in my opinion.
food is good especially the south indian dishes which are all veggies. There veg biryani is tasty.you visit them to have the best vegetable food spread .the waiters reminds you visiting a restaurant from time immortal that if we ask them the menu they would hand over one but, if accidently asks there help we would hear a menu which might extend that we would be confused with the choice of spread,,,,
Really loved the ambience and the food is agreeable, not spectacular. We went upstairs to the family rooms. A good option for veg food in Trivandrum.
Very nice ambience , supportive staff , excellent food , have AC and Non AC area for dining have parking area and ideal locaton
This is a god restaurant, little bit over priced, fine thats ok, but bit care is required when they clean the table. Wipe the table with clean clothes. After cleaning the table a foul smell is there. Another issue is parking, literally no parking we can say, has to be very careful when entering an exiting the restaurant, the security person will just relax sit and we have to take car out with very care without seeing the opposite side.
Trying out this new branch after being a regular at the older one for a long time. A very safe bet as far as food goes. Quiet location, and comfortable seating too. Food was very tasty and service very good too
Located in the middle of the city, just in front of the secretariate. Old fashioned tamil vegetarian. Tasty food. No parking, not even for scooter.
many places have come and gone..but, after all this years arul jyothi have survived catering to two generations...they have loyal customers especially tamil brahmins...
Its a good hotel and a value for money. the staff is kind and cooperative. The lunch and dinner is also upto the mark. It made my trip successful
One of a good vegetarian restaurant , ever since i was a kid i used to visit this place ..Very nice tamil vegetarian dishes.. Nice service and fast service too...Recommend this place for vegetarians
Pure vegetarian restaurant. Moderately charged. Masala Dosa tastes yummy in this restaurant. Fast and friendly service.
And old charm. Has good variety of vegetarian dishes. Taste are average and up with good value for money
Serves regular veg food. Nothing exceptional. Found dishes a bit oily. Place is neat and customer service is fine
The hotel is located just before bakery junction / RBI. Having non ac hall at basement and a.c. hall at ground level. The non a.c. hall service requires more improvement. But the ac hall is well served. Good variety of south indian and north indian food available for dinner. Car parking is available at the basement but the passage is very narrow with sharp cuts and if you are a normal driver, you would scratch on the pillars as I did. When compared to other vegetarian options in trivandrum, this hotel is better value for money in it's price range.
I had gone with my family to Arul jyothi restaurant 1 st floor A/C after a long time.. used to be one of the regular customers before. Now i dread the thought of going there.. Very pathetic customer care... Food quality was average...
This is one of the best One stop pure vegaterian for South Indian dishes. The dosas and idili are delicious. You wouldn't want to miss their thali, rice meals and all the accompaniments. They have a drive in parking area too.
The best vegetarian food I ever had in Trivandrum. We used to go to Arul Jyoti restaurant more frequently, but now i am missing that tasty food since Dec... When I come to Trivandrum I will go with my Kiddies, they love the food there.All North and South Indian dishes are available here..
I had lunch in this hotel today. The food was good. I claim the food expenses incurred during my business trips. This hotel gave a bill which is printed in paper that the print impression will last only for few days (like fax paper). When requested for manual bill or bill on normal unerasable paper, the reply was not polite. They replied that they have only that bill and can't do anything in that regard. As I was also standing there without leaving their premises, asking again, I was taken to first floor where the manager was in AC section. I was made to run from pillar to post for bill copy. He also responded in same fashion. After my request, he arranged alternative bill. Not a hotel for customers who expect good approach and treatment.
One of the most warm service, coupled with some exotic and tasty dishes served with love and care. A must visit place and is ideal for family, friends and couples.
It's not always about the food alone that makes you want to repeat a visit to a restaurant. The feel good factor that is so important is one thing missing at Arul Jyothi. The grumpy steward who waves you to a table when you walk in can put you off instantly.
This is a very good vegetarian restaurant to dine out. I have been to this place a lot of time. only issue is that the place is always crowded. very good food.
Well,I have always been a fan of Arul Jyothi from the day we found this joint.Well,I happened to visit this place last night and well it didn't appeal that much as it did earlier.We ordered chappathis,paneer makhani,and Gobi Manchurian. The chappathis were half cooked and curries were average.They were served in the tiniest tumblers they had and we could not eat to our content.Yes,it has a welcoming ambience and surroundings ,but in terms of taste,it appeared to be a miss.
Have been to this place for too many times since the 2000s. Love their vada, chutney and channa battura. So I have this combination majority of the times I visit Athul Jyothi. Ghee roast and rava dosa is also good. Prices are moderate and service is good. Parking is the only issue at peak times. But it's a good place to have vegetarian food in Trivandrum.
Arul Jyothi is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum especially if you are looking for Udupi fare, Dosas, Vadas, Uttappams and other delicacies.  The restaurant has a Air conditioned as well as non-Air conditioned space, non-Air conditioned section is at the ground floor while Air conditioned portion of the restaurant is on the first floor, which is plush, with comfortable seating arrangements and pleasing decor.  I have been to the Air conditioned section only and that too only in the evenings and restricted to ordering the Udupi dishes.  You would have to wait a bit, outside, if you plan to go there during the weekends, the management provides plastic chairs for those who wish to wait their turn. The place gets packed by 7 PM during weekends, not sure how it is during weekdays.  Service is excellent with extremely courteous stewards and waiters.  It takes a minimum of half an hour before you get what you ordered, but, it's worth the wait.  A meal with your family of 4-5, would set you back by about Rs. 1000/- which is not that heavy on the pocket, I think.  The only thing that I would complain about would be the parking. You need to be an expert driver to negotiate the sharp twists and turns, with out scraping some paint, to park you four wheeler at their parking lot. If you are comfortable leaving your vehicle near the curb on the main road then you just need to climb a few steps and you are virtually at the Air conditioned section of the restaurant. If you are lucky you might get a space below the flyover, you would need your co-driver to recce the area before you take a chance to park there.  Have never had a bad experience so far and wish the Arul Jyothi team the best.  Surely recommend this place for vegetarian foodies.
Prefer to park outside, because getting to park inside the hotel premises is a bit like a driving test. Once inside, the staff are prompt, and the service is quick. Quality of the food is very good.
It was the oldest restaurant in Mg road trivandrum, opposite to secretariat . Nice food with reasonable price
Very good breakfast. Dosas are extremely good. Chutneys are good too. Highly recommended for southindian food.
Food is really good but service is terrible. I visited this restaurant twice. Second time i had to walk out of restaurant because no one was interested in taking order. Ambience is good.
The place is good for a normal good vegetarian thali. Normal veg meals is excellent, tasty and value for money. The special veg meal is not worth.
At Thycaud area near flyover hear only wonderful food are available,Always full,best time is 19.00 pm
Weekends are a no-no in this lace. You may have to wait a few minutes which may extend up to one hour. The food is terrific and so is the interior. You will be welcomed by a smiling supervisor and depending on the size of members, they will guide you to a comfortable place.You will be greeted by a smiling waiter who will take care of your needs. The food is definitely tasty and you will leave the place after promising yourself that there will be a next day- very soon.
Had visited the hotel with a friend for dinner. This hotel is well patronized. Three of us ordered three different items, all were good. The items ordered were Puris, Puttu Kadala and Uthappam. I have never had such a good onion Uthappam in any restaurant in Kerala before. Spotted Pongal on the menu card but was told that it is served only for breakfast, must try it out once.  ala, and U
hotel has 2 floor , upper one is AC... and ground floor non ac . food quality is great , service is average , price is good , clean place and plesant atmosphere to have dinner with family or friends. hotel is in bakery junction.
This restaurant has two floors. The top floor is AC more costly and will usually have a long waiting line. The group floor is non AC and is a place for average Joes. Both floors are fit for family. Must try the chilli parrota and the Paneer masala dosa
Just average food,with nothing much to offer.Weekends are usually crowded and parking is a big issue.You need to be a highly skilled driver to negotiate the twists and turns of the parking lot.
Me and my wife like to eat out twice a month here. We usually order Masala Dosa, Garlic Naan and Paneer butter masala. We like their Oothappam also but usually it's over when we reach there by 9pm. Very tasty food indeed.
A good veg budget option in the heart of the city. The staff and really nice and the variety of dishes available is great. Quality is ok but not great . A good veg option
Anybody wants to know the best veg hotel near railway station , I would refer this hotel . Stay and food is best . No doubt . Clean and tidy .. taste it ..
Awesome experience, pure love, aroma, taste and best in service, courteous staff. Nice cashier who understood our needs, gave change for 2000 rupee note. For lunch prefer white rice of tamilnadu. Unlimited meals for rs.70 and parotta in dinner is awesome, spicy korma and order appam for breakfast
Excellent food. 2-3 km from East fort and thampanoor railway station. Variety of food available for reasonable price.Lunch and dinner are really good.try biriyani
We came for lunch and enjoyed the north indian thaali. Great food, service and service.Ample parking space.
Food is good as well as the ambience is too good especially during nights for dinner. But sometimes on weekends we need to wait for longer time to eat in the restaurant particularly for Air Conditioned rooms. Ground floor is for Non-AC and First floor is Air conditioned.
if u need a homely good breakfast or lunch u can choose this restaurant...but to compare with aruna palayam then i prefer that is more tasty....
Good fresh vegetarian food and great service. Have visited so many times with family, went back smiling each time. Have taken so many "take-aways" too. Good parking space with assistance. Centrally located.  Only problem, need to wait a lot on weekends/holidays, because a lot of families make a beeline for this place!
I should qualify this review by saying that it is for Arul Jyothi, TC 26/890(1), Bakery Junction. I am not sure if this is one and the same. I should also say that we are Brits so cannot claim to be qualified in the finer points of the local food so please forgive me if I make a few gaffs. However, we called here on our way to Kovalam and really enjoyed this place. No pretensions and what felt like a great lunch. We all had thali and I have to say we enjoyed it immensely. Also very good value for money, which given the rarity of cash these days, was a good thing because we didn't have much.
One of the best and affordable vegetarian hotel in Trivandrum city. Channa Batoora is the one i liked most. Also , their chilly Porotta is somewhat different.They serve ice creams as well and also they have a good parking space. Credit & Debit cards are accepted.
Pure veg. Food taste is just above average. Suitable for middle class. Just in front of Kerala Secretariat. Excellent transport facilities (auto, taxi, bus). Within 2 KMs from central railway station and bus station.
I have been visiting this place from past years and I myself feel bad to write this review.Let me start from the staff,who has a really bad attitude and looks at you as if we are there for free food. I had ordered a simple ghee dosa which was completely burnt which I didn't eat(as I don't like wasting food I had to force it on my husband ☺). The best part is they didn't have any hot beverage there ....yes they said "No" when I asked for "Tea".  Then comes the price which is way too high from what the other vegaterian restaurant .  They used to be good once but now very disappointing.
Head out to this place if you want to feel pampered and have yum hot food at a reasonable price. Great Tamilian hospitality.
Arul Jyothi is my favourite south Indian style restaurant since we moved to Trivandrum. Dosas (ghee roast , paper roast) , Idilly , Puttu kadala , Poori masala are typically my favorites. Also love the French fries and baby corn 65 , when in an urge to snack mood. They also have North Indian style food - Channa batura , for example is good , but we haven't ventured beyond that. I don't enjoy the Chinese dishes here too much but that's subjective and I come here for what I consider their core speciality - South Indian food.
Arul Jyothi is a restaurant that I have considered my second home since I moved to Trivandrum. This restaurant gives you fresh food, leaving your taste buds clinging for more. Their types of dosa makes my mouth water just by thinking of them. Of all the types the panner masala Dosa is my favorite. The panner is soft n the flavours are exuberant. The malai kofta reminds me of eating in a real Punjabi dhaba. The environment is people friendly, child friendly and has a romantic feel to it. Great place for couples and family. Extremely kind service staff. The best veg restaurant in tvm no doubt.
good service and good food but its bit costly, compared to other vegetarian restaurants. good ambience too.
Check out their good Dosas, Puri, chappathi. Good place to have a great breakfast. Value for money. I love their Puri and dosas with seasame seed chutney.
Another pure veg restaurant in Tvm... Loved the foods here .. However much choices available at evening after 6/7 .. Try Kerala parota here. ..good ambiance ...
Food is good. Could be better w.r.t cleanliness. Family a/c area is better compared to the normal area. Easy access.
Lovely food and cool ambience.loved the dosas and fresh fruit juice...must try.Reasonable rate.Credit card accepted.but no lift..
Its close to the heart of tvm city which provides good quality veg dishes. Price is comparatively less Their channa batoora is a must try
Tasty south indian vegetarian food only at fairly reasonable cost in the heart of the city.A truly family restautant
The traditional south Indian snacks and break fast items are best. Rest are ok not exactly the best but not bad either
This review is for the A/C restaurant in the first floor. They serve south and north indian food here. For lunch, you have the options of north indian thali or kerala style meals served in banana leaf. The ambiance is good and staffs are very courteous.
Very good ambience. Centrally located. Ambience in the first floor hall is very good. Service is good. The price is good for the standards. For lunch traditional kerala lunch thali served on banana leaf is the best option. It is stomach filling thali. Only hitch is the usage of coconut oil. Those who don't like coconut oil can avoid thali.  For dinner different variety of dosa are available. Ghee roast is best option. Chinese item is also served.  It is a fully vegetarian restaurant. Parking is a bit of problem.
Its a great place to have vegetarian food in a city obsessed with non-vegetarian dishes! The ambience of the place is great, with soothing classical music and indoor plants. The food too is good. The seating arrangements is also thoughtful-enjoyable for a family or a cosy corner for couples.
There are dosas, idlis, pooris , fried rice etc. There is A.C. and non A.C. seating. Taste is good not incredible. Always busy. Service is ok. Good value for money
The menu here comprises of mostly South Indian and North Indian fare - The variety of Dosas and Aloo ka Parantha, here are worth a try. Typically, everything on the menu tastes above average and some really good. The ambiance is good and is value for money. However, it would be better if they could relocate to an area/ building, where there is more visibility from the main road. Also, the seating space can be increased, as the place seems to draw a lot of crowd in the weekends.
a clean, good place for vegetarian south indian food. though they offer chinese and north indian food,but to me they are good at south indian only
I have been going to Arul Jyothi (or AJ's as we called it ) for years. It has amazing vegetarian food. The new venue at Bakery junction has bad parking facilities, but the food is good
This is one of the very good vegetarian restaurants in the heart of Trivandrum city. The dishes were good and delicious. We really enjoyed the items like dosa, aappam kuruma and chola poori. The rates are very moderate and is ideal for families.
We had lunch & dinner from Arul Jyothi. More than the taste of food, i would like to appreciate the service provided by the waiters (in A/c.). They are simply amazing.  Food is good. Large variety of vegetarian food available. Parking is available inside the property.
Being a non-vegetarian,I have never been a fan of vegetarian food.But Arul Jyothi has overturned my attitude and has introduced me to a world of possibilities of vegetarian food.The butter naan is absolutely mouthwatering which is covered in butter and butter only! The paneer and cauliflower dishes are worth a try. This hotel according to my experiences is the most clean hotel in this city and gives importance to hygiene.(air conditioned restaurant)
When at Trivandrum and feel like having vegetarian food we opt for Arul Jyothi. The Dosas, Thali Meals, Battoora & Kurumas- all are tasty. I love the crispy paper roast with coconut chutney, so is the Masala Dosa. If you are dining with family go for the air conditioned section since that area is bit less crowded.
This is a wonderful place to eat and is located at the center of the city. Its been there for a long time , i remember it back from 30 yeras.
It is an average vegetarian hotel with average food. But the tariff are not comparable with other normal vegetarian hotels. In the AC it is ok but in the Non AC places are also price is high.
good food and a very good service. That is all this place offers..this restuarant is actually little bit expensive when you consider that they are offering only veg food, but nevertheless it is tasty. They claim they never reuse the oil, which may justify the rates..and the service, super good which most of the restuarants in trivandrum lack. They are pleasant and know how to treat the customers..  Note :ambience wise it is good to sit upstairs, which is airconditioned..however that section is closed from 3-5:30 time period and open every other time.
I have lost count of the number of Masala Dosas I have had at April Jyothi during my college days. 25 years later, I found myself in Thiruvananthapuram at 7am, just after an overnight train journey, a hungry child in tow. Breakfast??? Where would I find a restaurant open at that time in Thiruvananthapuram?? Arul Jyothi ...of course. Piping hot idli vada and coffee ....a small piece of heaven
Its a nice restaurant.we usually go there to eat meals.Meals are of super taste and quality.one meals cost150rs.It includes soup,chappathis and curry also.They provide brown rice and white rice.we can choose is according to our choice.meals are served in banana leaves...
The food was very good. Service was prompt, the staff was very courteous. It's unbelievable that all this is available at such a low price.The layout of the restaurant is such that privacy is ensured. Would definitely recommend.
This is the one place that comes to our mind when we opt for Veg food at Trivandrum. Food is great and ambiance is equally good. Dosa items are the ones that we go for normally...
I visited this restaurant twice last month and food on both occasions was consistently good. Barotta and dosa are excellent and the service is quite nice too. I remember going to this restaurant years ago and its nice to see the quality hasn't gone down. Couple of things: 1.) Go early, else you will be waiting for a very long time. 2.) The car park is a test of your driving skills with several 90-degree narrow turns. Don't come back without testing the Faluda.
Arul Jyothi is one of the many vegetarian hotels inside the city. Its a neatly maintained economical hotel. The dishes are typical tamil style - iddali, dosa, vadas, meals and all. The taste and servings are commendable. There is only walkable distance from Palayam and Secretariate to Arul Jyothi.
We had breakfast here a few times....good breakfast option. Parking is available ...tried many things and everything was quite ok..
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurant in Trivandrum. It is located in the heart of the city and very easily accessible . Car parking is a bit of a problem but there are parking slots nearby. The food is very good and is a blend of Kerala / Tamilnad style. The dosa's , Idly , Chutneys are very good , especially the Ghee Roast .
1 Fine vegetarian Dining 2 Exclusive family air conditioned dining on first floor 3 Ground Floor fast processing non a/c dining 4 Nice taste 5 Good Service
MashaAllah great thaali with lots of ghee served extra by them.Service staffs are humble and best.Breakfast also needs mention.Always the best option for vegetarian food!!
Good food ...value for money. Check out their AC Restaurant Menu post 7PM. Surprisingly their chinese dishes are also good
I had been to this restaurant twice in the evening and had south indian snacks on both occasions. The Set dosa and vada curry served on the second day was quite tasty and good. The waiters were courteous. The location is decent. Recommended
The new arul Jyothi is very good. Their AC restaurant is also very good. But it is still not in the class of ariya nivas. The location is a bit of a concern. Their lunch thalis are good. Their service is also very good. They have a good location for parking also.
It is certainly one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Trivandrum. It is one of the oldest around too. It has a ac and a non-ac section. The food is not too expensive but the quality of servcie can certainly improve.
For lovers of authentic South Indian dishes like Idli, masala dosa, vada, puri masala, upma, pongal etc, I would recommend Arul Jyothi. This no frills eating place is clean and functional, food is fresh and tasty and service is fast.
One of the best vegetarian hotels in thiruvananthapuram. They serve a verity of vegetarian food in thiunellveli style.
very nice experience with family in an excllent atmosphere.highly hygenic and tasty food served with great hospitality.a must visit restaurent.
It is a small restaurant with a/c and non-a/c options : rates are nominal. would suggest non-a/c area with simple chairs and very airy atmosphere. I am a regular visitor for the past 29 years and the best part of this restaurant is that I have never experienced any stomach upset or any indigestion after consuming food from here. I was a regular eater from this place during bachelor days. Located at prime location on MG Road opposite secretariat.
This restaurant has parking. This restaurant good for dining on a budget. This restaurant accepts reservations. This restaurant serves lunch This restaurant serves dinner
I am a regular visitor of this restaurant. Its well kept, the staff are very polite and pleasing, the food is excellent... They have an AC floor and a non-ac restaurant. Its one of the best options if you love south indian vegetarian cuisine.
Located just opposite secretariate, economical vegetarian option at Trivendrum. South indian meals very nice option, even punjabi food taste like homemade, at very reasonable cost. Sweet shop also part of this restaurant. For meals they follow advance purchase of coupon before siting on table. They also give hot water slightly reddish in colour due to some ayurvedic herbs.
This is one of the good veg places in trivandrum where one gets tasty south Indian food .No tall claims, no fanfare a quiet place with traditional cuisine served in orthodox. manner. A major advantage is that there is enough parking space under the fly over in front of the restaurant if the parking is full in the premises .The rates are ,comparing with some other restaurants serving same quality food is very much affordable . recommended for a breakfast /lunch/dinner with family and friends or an evening tea with a sweet colleague just after office hours before returning to evening chorus
Arul Jyothi is the 1st name come up in our mind when we talk about veg food and dosa or Breakfast. It is an unique hotel in Trivandrum giving good ambience in AC and different and crowd loving like ambience in non-ac section. Food is very good, Poori is really good, Masala Dosa with vada is special. Tea/coffee is pricy, but its really good. All together a perfect hotel for breakfast.
If you are looking for a vegetarian restaurent in TVM this is one of the best. I tried 3-4 veg restaurents in TVM and this one stands on top. Price is on the higher side compared to others but considering the food quality I dont mind paying the extra bucks.
excellent south indian food they are serving .Dosas are really good even the chutneys they serve are really nice.North indian food is also good
When you want to See a real Indian restaurant then its definitely the right choice. Most indians come here to eat small snacks like dosa but you can also Enjoy a good cheap meal there. A little bit hectic atmosphere but worth an experience.
I prefer this restaurant for a quick vegetarian lunch meal when ever in the heart of the city. The area is centre place and not much congested. The food they serving is good and tasty for the money we are paying. It is clean except the wash area.
Only good place in the city for a nice veg dinner and breakfast, but way too expensive. great ambiance and good service. but prices are high
Whenever I come to Trivandrum, this place is where I enjoy my lunch. The food is just yum!!! The service is also great. One should also try the masala dosa here. Never miss a chance to enjoy veg food here
Overall good. But need to improve on the North Indian delicacy. Behavioural training of the staff to be improved.
mediocre Ambience. AC hall is just ok. Ghee roast dosa was good. Filter coffee awesome. Thali is best.
Ajwa serves the best Biriyani in the city. The most tastiest I have ever had. They have Chicken, Mutton and Fish varieties.
The mutton biryani is not bad. But can't say fabulous. It is like... you cannot find fault with it, but you won't be tempted to come again either. The meat portion is somewhat on the lower side. Overall okayish.
I had biriyani which I ordered it from ubereats . I liked the biryani and the salad with it . It was tasting so good . The restaurant ajwa had only biriyani and only chicken fry . I had fabulous time eating the biriyani .
It’s a well known restaurant for Biriyani. They served tasty Biriyani. Tried mutton Biriyani it was so good
Got food delivered via uber eats. Special mutton biriyani and chicken fry was exquisite. Finger licking good.
Their biriyani is excellent.nice and friendly staff.worth the money. Porotta and chicken curry also tasted good.
It has one of the tastiest biriyani in Trivandrum city. Less oily & spicy. Their vegetable biriyani is equally good. Also their lime tea is very good. Very difficult to get a seat during the lunch hours.
You will definitely enjoy the biriyani,specialised on malabari biriyani.Biriyani made with premium quality rice to make it a perfect one.
Very Good Biriyani - Try Mutton Biriyani , here is one place you get the best Biriyani in the City, Uber Eats also available.
When I went to my son's college we went to Ajwa restaurant with few of his friends. We ordered special Mutton, Chicken and Fish biriyani and must say that the biriyani was really great. Well cooked with good quality rice, spices used properly and quantity also sufficient; tasted good with the pickle and salad. Had a lime tea after the food and the rates were also moderate. Nice hospitality; take away parcels are also available. It's a biriyani lovers paradise.
Ajwa is famous for its BIriyani. I personally find Ajwa biriyani the best on par with that of Azad's. The pickle they serve as side is a different feast to the taste buds.
The place is nice and we were 5 of us and we had a really great time with the Chicken Biriyani which was not only sumptuous but also very very Filling.... Delicious Restaurant
Good food and good service by the staff. We saw many people taking parcel also. Highly recommended in Trivandrum!
A very nice and well maintained restaurant with good food with affordable price. It good special kind of fame with it's biryani items.
If you need to taste Biryani from different parts of the world you need to travel through the parts of Asia.coming to Kerala you have many choices...successful ones are served in other parts. That is the case of Ajwa from north Kerala starting in south Kerala in the capital city where you have a waiting period for your turn to come.....the aroma would turn on your sense of smell and in turn water your mouth....Quantity wise and quality wise its value for money two special biryani's could serve for three ....enjoy a sumptuous meal and let your afternoon be lazy to get a siesta ...even till 8 PM you are severed the same Biryani with the unique taste every time you visit the place.
This restaurant is famous for Chicken and mutton Biryani. I took parcel from there. It is very delicious and there is something unique about their Biryani like Buhari Biryani.
If you are in Trivandrum , This is the place to eat Biriyani. What a delicious Biriyani they serve. Super tasty. Kalyanappura Biriyani..... Love it from bottom of my taste buds......Ajwa Rocks////
We had fish Biriyani here for the first time. The restaurant was well maintained and without too much rush in the afternoon. The waiters were very cordial and friendly. The taste was good however too much ghee was used for the preparation.
I have been visiting this restaurant since last 6 last six years. It has different taste and fragrance is good.
Ajwa serves good biriyani. It was not too oily and tasted good. However it's on a higher price. They do serve onion-yogurt salad and dates pickes along with biriyani. The washroom can be kept a bit more clean. Pariking is a problem. There are not many parking lots in front of the building. Sometime one may needs to find parking on the road.
Too costly for an average food.They are adding too much ghee/oil.Not a healthy one. Recently they have increased the price too.
We tried chicken biryani and it was very oily. Food was average and I was forced to give the oily rice to my kid since there was nothing available other than biryani and ghee rice..
Service is very bad and the staffs attitude towards customers are utterly in tolerable.Dont ever choose this.
If you want to have mouth watering and succulent mutton biryani served with greens and dates and carrot pickle go for Ajwa biryani.  I was little hesitant to go or have biryani from outside especially mutton biryani. Having ordered once to home, I was amazed by the freshness and the softness of mutton pieces falling off the bones.  The rice is aromatic and is perfect with the masala.  The sulaimani wasn't upto my expectation though. I will surely recommend this to anyone in Trivandrum.  Cdn't take snaps as I was busy eating
Quite often biriyani feels very oily and heavy. However ajwa thalaserry biriyani was quite light on the stomach and flavourseome too. Chicken biriyani was especially good.
Ajwa’s Mutton & Chicken Biriyani is moth watering. They serve chicken & Mutton Curry & Fries. The Restaurant is very clean & staffs are friendly. No doubt U have to visit this place for the authentic Biriyani.
Ajwa is arguably one off the best places in Trivandrum for tasting Thalassery Dum Biriyani. Though the restaurant is only middle level, people use this hotel to order home delivery more.
Best place for North kerala Biriyani taste in South Kerala.Will enjoy the famous Malabar biriyani in Travancore.
This is a must visit for authentic thalassery flavour. Their chicken and mutton biryanis are superb. And finish it off with a glass of lime tea. It’s a place where u will definitely go back to. Strongly recommended
One can experience authentic North Malabar food at Ajwa. Tastes best when you have it at the restaurant, fresh and hot. I love the courtesy extended by staff.
One of the best biryani i have ever had good service and each person in cash counter handle their customers in a sweet smile we need these kind of hotels in trivandrum
This restaurant provides Biryani only , tastes good , the place is quite busy during lunch time , parking area is mostly full during afternoon.
More of a take away retail outlet, Ajwa also has a medium sized restaurant offering Biriyani and other Malabar style dishes. The mutton biriyani is especially recommended for its non-traditional taste.
Ajwa, best and classy restaurant for tasty biriyani , we all like the best class Thalassery dam biriyani, good service
Not sure of the hype around this place but was disappointed with quite oily biryani's on Christmas day. First visit, place was crowded but had a quick service but the food disappointed us as it lacked the quality and taste found with Malabar biryanis.
Taste biriyani mutton, chicken or fish at its best. Chewable in mouth the pieces of mutton makes us excited.
This place serves the best Biriyani in Trivandrum. The menu is limited to Biriyani, chicken fry and lime juice or suleimani (black tea) I have tried the chicken, mutton and fish biriyani and they are delicious. Mildly spiced, flavorful and filling, the biriyani is made from short grain basmati rice.. The fried chicken is juicy and delectable .. a must try. There is not much of an ambience, so you should go there strictly for the food. I usually have take away. Biriyani lovers should definitely try
If you are a malabari / wanna have thalassery dum Biriyani, ajwa is perfect for you. Chicken or Fish biriyani, both tastes yum!!!! You only get a sulaimani or coke after biriyani. No other juice available
When you are in trivandrum and you are craving for a kozhikoden biriyani this is the place to go. Having had biriyani from many restaurants in trivandrum I must say none comes closer to ajwa in presenting the authentic taste of Malabar biriyani in Trivandrum. You will be reminded of the time you spend in Calicut or Kannur as you enjoy this biriyani. Apart from biriyani there's literally nothing else available in the restaurant though.
commercial Biriyani, taste is ok. Location is good. crowded restaurent. If you're a biriyani lover try it.
Trivandrum had for long longed for good eat out which is affordable and leaves a memorable feeling on your taste centres.Ajwa Biryani fulfils this to the last word.Not much can be said about the ambience,it's more or less crowded on all days.Options on the menu include Dum Biryani .And a few starters.Parking facility is limited.
Ajwa is a very special place for Malabari Biriyani in Trivandrum.The quality is great. I usually order parcel from there once in a while.Food is tasty and value for money.
Lovely delicious biriyani.. Not oily and typical Malabar style.. Must try.. Fish biriyani my favorite.. 😬
Ordered food at 12.15.Got it at 2.15PM. The commited time was 1PM.Called the concerned guy.He asked me to call the guy who takes care of Home delivery.The person in charge is least concerned about the Home delivery.
Quantity and quality is great.My favourite combination is biriyani rice and chicken fry. Once i was dissspointed when tried fish biriyani , that was not value gor money rest allare good especially lemon tea.
A very special place for Malabari Biriyani in the Capital City of Trivandrum.A busy place,on heavy days be ready for long waiting time.The food is tastey and affordable. Dhum Biriyani is the exclusive dish which is special to Kerala
Must visit restaurant for Biriyani Lovers. Try the special chicken biriyani with chicken fry. It is yummy.
I really don't know how explain the taste of wonderful biriyani at AJWA...😋,we can have biriyani with chicken, Mutton and Fish..OMG.. so tasty and yummy BIRIYANI...👌🏻
Taste of authentic Malabari biriyani with a Suleimani and date pickle. But food tends to get over on heavy days and the waiting time is then almost an hour. Good place for families with a clean functional ambience.
Nice biriyani with good quantity and quality The chicken 🍗 is greatly cooked too But the chicken fry is not that great.
Serves only biryani. Chiccken mutton fish and vegetable. Fish biryani is the best. The best thalasseri dum biryani in trivandrum. Price moderate. Service good.
I have been having Ajwa Biriyani from the time they were a take away joint in Trivandrum many years ago, and could never fault their chicken Biriyani, which was always consistent in quality and taste. Last time, however I decided to try the mutton Biriyani from their Panavila resturant and realized it was a big mistake, prompting me to write this review. Unfortunately I took the biriyani home and when I started with the mutton pieces, I realized it was nothing but bones and fat,with not even one inch of edible mutton in a whole biriyani. I would not even feed my dogs with such parts of the mutton and I am surprised that they are part of what they call mutton biriyani at a place that built up their reputation over the years as one of the better biriyani joints in Trivandum. Bottom line is I am not ordering the Mutton Biriyani from them again and you should think twice too before ordering it from there. With experiences like this I may be prompted to strike off Ajwa from my small list of reliable places in Trivandrum where you can expect to be provided quality and value.
The menu is simple, but the standards are high. So, if you want a quick, good, clean biriyani that is juicy and tasty, this is the place. But, if you want to be spoilt for choice, sorry this is not the place. And, if you had it once, you will get the same thing the next time too. So, that can be a downer for people who want to go to the same place for different variations.
Awesome biriyani. Great consistency. I am a hotelier and a foodie. Hence can vouch for the quality of the biriyani served here.
Ajwa is the name only for Biriyanies . No words to say . Please go and taste many type of buriyanies . Mutton is so tasty
Basically am from malabar side so whenever am in trivandrum i miss the malabar biriyani. Once a friend suggested ajwa and we tried it. Its really amazing especially the mutton biriyani and tea with a little lemone flavor. It is really irresistable.
This is the place for Dum biriyani be it mutton,fish or chicken and there is real quality in the making.Unlike many other places the masala in the rice is not stained with fat but has the flavour of real ghee. The chicken and mutton pieces are also well marinated and blended into the rice making it truly dum! Sometimes,the food quality makes you forget about the need for any extra facilities!!
It is time to try the biriyani being made in this hotel. They have different varieties and ooh la la...the Fish Biriyani is great.You get all the accoutrements along with the main dish. The service is also with a smile. I forgot to state...each plate that is being ordered is enough for two, that is, if you are not that hungry.
Ajwa is the right place for enjoying the real taste of dum biryani.The ambience is not so rich but the dishes are awesome and delicious.
Must visit if you want to taste authentic lamb or mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. They use tender lamb pieces and right combination of spices, oil/ghee and rice, Chicken biriyani however lacks flavour.
If you are a Biriyani lover, you would love this variety of Thalassery Biriyani...it's less spiced biriyani, which is blended properly with juicy chicken pieces🤤
The original Ajwa! One had to go all the way to Vazhuthacaud to taste their superb biriyani before they opened stores at Kazhakootam and near Kochuveli. Their biriyani topped with sulaimani can be described as the perfect lunch on a hungry day
I have been to this place many times and just loved their thalassery biriyaniz.. Tried both chicken biriyani and mutton biriyani. both are awesome. i like their lime tea too. Real value for money.
Ajwa is famous for biriyani for full time . I like there mutton biriyani . It was awesome . If you area mutton lover don't leave this place
I went to the branch at Kazhakoottam. Take away service was really quick. Excellent mutton biriyani and chicken fry.
I have been to this place several times and tried almost everything in their menu. Only biriyanis and chicken fry is available as per my memory. :P also sulaimani and can drinks are available. Biriyanis are awesome with enough masalas and made in pure ghee. One point to note is when u have it serve from the bottom of dish so that u get rice and enough gravy/masala else u will end up with lot of gravy at the bottom. Im not a huge fan of ghee on biriyanis. Even though the biriyanis are so tasty, because of ghee and larger quantity, its always difficult for me to finish the single biriyani at the starting pace. So you must have a big tummy to finish one full biriyani.
Ajwa is known for yummy biriyanis. I visited there twice. On both of the occasions was overwhelmed by the taste. Its one of the few restaurants in Trivandrum where one can get authentic biriyani.
This Briyani is super yummy. It is a must if you are in trivandrum. The food is just amazing. I went back again for more
Very disheartening compared to the reviews.... I didn't find anything exemplary about what they served. The only good thing about the biriyani was the beetroot pickle.
Though famous for Biryani. The taste is just about average. Not much variety in Veg biryanis. Eventhe non-veg biryani is average tasting. Can be avoided.
Visited this place just now after reading great reviews. The experience was a complete downer. I ordered Chicken Biryani and Lemon Tea. The Chicken Biryani was way below par as it did not have flavor, it was squishy, and the chicken pieces seemed to be boiled and aded into the rice.
I was longing to have biriyani from Ajwa as I had read and heard a lot about this place. Trust me, nothing about Ajwa is hyped. They serve you authentic dum biriyani at its best. The rice was moist and chicken was soo tender. It was full of flavour that gives your taste buds an experience like never before. They serve you with biriyani, beetroot picke and salad (not raita). I would suggest them to serve raita also.  Must have from Ajwa is Chicken dum biriyani and chicken fry along with hot water.... Soo yummm!!!
Had been longing to taste the biriyani at Ajwa ever since I read about it & recently viewed about it on YouTube. Had chicken biriyani & chicken fry. Tasted good.
excellent and superb thalasery dum biriyani, chicken fry and lime tea. anyone visiting trivandrum, its a must place to go.
Though the restaurant's interior's might be a little in need of a revamp, it's got perhaps the best biriyani in town. Definitely recommended. They have home delivery too.
A very good place for takeout. Great food, especially biryani. Take our recommended over eating there.
It is great addition to techies. they have opened a large outlet near technopark. major draw back is service. may be because of rush in lunch time.but they kept the taste same. ie why i like the biriyani most .
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Excellent Thalaserry Dum Biriyani, whether you choose fish/ mutton or chicken. A must when you visit TVM.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Frankly the best option for thalasseri biriyani @trivandrum .unlike the commonly available biriyani at trivandrum which is made of long grain basmati rice,this biriyani is made of peculiar biriyani rice known as kaima rice or jeerakasala rice.this small grain rice itself has some innate nice smell. I have been to thalasseri so many times.so I know what thalasseri biriyani is.this is closest available choice at trivandrum. Chicken biriyani is their masterpiece. But fish biriyani also is good which is a new variant of biriyani to some areas. of course it's a hot favourite in northern kerala. Chicken fry is not above average. Biriyani is their item. Have a sulaimani(black tea with lime added)after your biriyani delicacy. They have two outlets at trivandrum. .one at panavila junction and next is at bypass. Ambience is good. Well behaved staff with unique friendly attitude. They deliver within city limits upon orders over phone. Baby seat available. Must visit place for all biriyani lovers(bcoz I am a die hard fan of thalasseri biriyani)
best biriyani in town  BIRIYANI + LIME TEA  biriyani is available from 11am to 10pm there is no delay in serving the biriyani  but the chicken fry if orders will take some time for the preparation
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
The biriyani was superb during the starting days not it has gone down. Even though the best biriyani available at tvm Calm and cool atmosphere Good service
The best Dum biriyani you get in Trivandrum. The Thalassery speciality biriyani has stolen the heart of many localities who were used to the long rice biriyani. Its yummy and should hav the lime tea also after biriyani.  Standard service and they have two counters one at Bypass and one near Panavila
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
If you want to taste the Thalasery Dum Biriyani in town, you can go to Ajwa without any doubt. They have two outlets, one at Bypass and another one at Panavila.  A Lemon tea after the tasty biriyani & fry will give you a good feeling.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
I had been taking Ajwain biriyani from the time they started in tTrivandrumI felt the authentic Malabari biriyani with their taste.Not very spicy and it caters to all taste with their limited varieties.I always believes in quality and they consistently give and the best taste.Thye have now one in Bypass near kazhalootam ..venpalvattom raod near venpalavattom.they have hoem deliverya nd also could go and have from their restaurant after 11am.the salad and teh pickle with beetroot ,dates etc is very tasty and my favourite.You don't need anything else eat with..and is wholesome.I love their chicken,vegetarian and mutton biriyani a lot..one very advantage is you do not feel the ghee on your hand at all...and its less with ghee..still tasty...
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Trivandrum is one place where we get terrible biriyanis, as biriyani as made here with a little big rice and with a very bad masala. This place offers the biriyani which we get in north kerala, or to be more specific the typical thalassery biriyani !!..the biriyani is made of kaima rice which is very small, and the masala is tasty too..i tasted both chicken and mutton on diff occassions, and liked the mutton biriyani more..and other than the biriyani another dish which comes in good taste here is the chicken fry.. Nicely fried and crispy !!.. And the sulaimani ( lime tea) gives all a good finish !!  note : restuarant is open until 10 pm, but during ramzan time it is open only until 5 pm !!
Ajwa specializes in biriyani. The taste is really good. We can also have a glass of sulaimani with the biriyani. That gives u the real punch. The chicken fry available here is also awesome. Totally a cool place for team lunch or dinner, or to have biriyani when you feel like. Restaurant is pretty clean and waiters are friendly.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
A must go biriyani place. Mutton and Chicken biriyanis are nice..Quantity is ample and a good value for money.  There's Chicken Fry and then there is Chicken Fry at Ajwa. Simply the most amazing one I have ever tasted. Keeps you wanting to come back.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare not only for customers but for our friends and families too. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
1 Thani malabari kannur style dhum biriyani 2 Good Ac hall with needed staffs 3 The pickle served along with biriyani is delicious
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
This restaurant specializes in North Kerala biriyani. Made with a special kind of rice grain and masala that is special to that region. It's different and it's yummy. A must try for all . They have good home delivery too
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
i heard from my friends and relative that u should try ajwa hotel biriyani. so tried on Sunday for curiosity and go alone. first impression was hotel was almost full and some people waiting parcel orders. most of the people parcel for food. it is not a bigger hotel , service was not upto standard. cleaniness was average. under 20 no of items only on menu(special is biriyani only). i ordered mutton biriyani. first thought come into mind was why didnt come here before?. after eating the whole biriyani all other flaws about this hotel were forgotten. you can also lime tea which is best after biriyani. so taste their biriyani. it is too good
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
We had a visit to Ajwa Restaurant at Panavilla Junction, Trivandrum with family and another family relative. We all ordered Chicken Biriyani. All of us agreed that the Biriyani tasted unique..less essence..medium spicy.. with rich ingredient of rightly cooked chicken. Even the salad tasted great. The pickle (dates pickle!) was excellent! Even the pappads were less oily.
Dear Customer!!!  Its a great pleasure to hear our customers review to serve you all better.  Ajwa has started its journey 8 years back from a small take away counter to present establishment in the city by giving mouth watering biriyani to its customers and only by your support we are here now.  In "Ajwas Kitchen", we only have professional chefs those hail from Malabar who prepares the food with utmost care and love to give you the most authentic taste and best dash of juicy biriyani.  Because we focus only on " Biriyani " thats our signature dish we dont compromise on that.  We use pure Ghee not oil , and all the ghee once used is disposed. More out from business its a food we prepare for all customers , friends and families. So we prepare them in utmost care and love :)  we believe most of our customers has seen our Master Clean kitchen and we are grounded by their cheering reviews .  We at Ajwa are really happy with our servings with our customers and seeing their cheerful faces with satisfaction leaving our restaurant.  Thank you all for your Love & Support.  Ajwa Management.
Being a vegetarian, many of you may ask how I am rating a non veg hotel. True, The vegetable biriyani here was too good. Though I was not able to complete one dish which I have ordered.  I think a single dish may be enough for two to share, At Rs 130 per dish it seems to be very cheap for the ambience and the taste they offer
We enjoyed the taste it was a great experience. In my opinion its the best biriyani available in Trivandrum.
can't say much about atmosphere because i only did take out a number of times. then the service was good, and the food was tasty. the rice is typical neichor (not basmati, but the malabar muslim special ghee-rice) and there is usually enough chicken plus a beetroot-based 'salad' to go with the whole thing.
They serve very good biriyani you will get biriyani till 10 PM, And the rate are normal not so high.
Here tasty biriyani is available in reasonable price, different types of biriyani is available for biriyani lovers.
Was a regular to Ajwa for Biriyani from the days when they started it as a take away option around 8 to 10 years back..Was a big fan of their biriyani especially mutton.Recommended lot of my friends to this place.But off late i have noticed that they don't maintain the same quality level/taste especially in the NH bypass outlet.I got a biriyani which does not taste good,but ignored as i thought it is a one off incident.But recently when i bought couple of special mutton as take away it does not taste good and worst thing was that it was too spicy/hot for adults also.It was not eatable as it was over spicy.My daughter was a big fan of Ajwa biriyani and she told me not buy anymore from this place.I thought of giving a feedback directly to the person who owns this place ,but the response i got was that it could be due to the chilly which they have used which could be more spicy/hot from the usual one's.He was blaming it on the chilly they used!!!!. Come on...your chef is supposed to taste it and then serve it rather than acting like a machine and blame it on the chilly especially when you pay around 250 for a pack of biriyani. Many of my friends also mentioned that taste/quality is going down and will not recommend this place as they don't maintain consistency for the limited option(only biriyani) they serve.Time for the owners to recheck the quality of chefs they use.
I love their Biryani, but I love their Chicken Fry even more. They have a variety of Biryani, and you can have their delicious Lemon Tea as well.
The only genuine Thalassery biriyani in town!its good and quantity is also neat. I am aregular at this place. if u want authentic biriyani ajwa ia th epalce!
Only for Biriyani and lemon tea. The ambience is poor. The service is average. and not a value for money option
My favorite Biriyani Hut .I love it so yummy :), awesome biriyani which we get on Trivandrum. :) :) :)
One of the best biriyani shops in town. And no doubt why it is quite famous!. It is just the enough number of seats and not more. The biriyani is quite heavy and is fine for two tummies. The lime tea served after is also the perfect thing with the right amount of sweet-lemony taste. Parking is fine and the location too. Recommended for family.
Had heard a lot about Ajwa Biriyani from people . So decided to take a chance and go there myself. Experience wasn't all that great . The Biriyani is ridiculously overpriced . I mean to say that you could get better biryanis at lower prices (Try The Main Course or Halayis ). The Tomato taste in the Biriyani was a bit too overpowering for me . All in all not worth the price they charge .
I have been to this restaurant couple of times with family. It was always bit rush over there..may be the quality of food .. Thea price is bit higher than normal biriyani rates.but they have a good malabari biriyani flavour..i mena one of best in town. But don't compare with typical biriyani hotels at calicut. Nothing gr8 to be told on seating an ambiance...it is ok but not that cozy like may other restaurants in town.
One of the best biriyani place in trivandrum.. real value for money.. will get excellent thalassery biriyani from here.. though it is a bit costly its worthy..
One of the best biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum serving Thalassery Biriyani. Chicken fry is available, though its too good, it way too pricy.
This is one of the best Thalasery Biriyani available in Trivandrum. Also Try Chicken fry from there which is too crispy and juicy.
Biriyani is simply superb.Best of this kind in trivandrum,consistant good service real value for money.Best part is they take catering orders as well.
Nothing much to say !! Awesome Mouth watering Biryani's !!! Love to come and have every day with family
Happened to visit Ajwa Biryani today with colleagues , was bit worried about the taste of the biryani as i came to Kerala two days before , and i had the Chicken Biryani in Okhla region ... But it spoiled my mood & i couldn't even finish 70% of that . Was expecting Hyderabadi or Muradabdi biryani , but when it came ... I was lil surprizing ... Had first spoon and experienced the real taste of typical Dum Biryani from Kerala . Pricing is just on thresold , economical as of now . Overall a must experience place , whenever in trivendrum , Kerala .
You can get the real taste of thalassery Dum biriyani at this place.... They cater to our home delivery requirements also. A must visit biriyani restaurant in Trivandrum
Was good for budget. Limited Menu Timing required Parking is available I had chicken Biriyani which was tasty. The staffs were friendly and reliable.
The Biriyani is good but not affordable for an ordinary man as it is highly priced. The location , services etc are good
Ajwa Biryani is unique in that the rice is not sticky even if kept for some time and less spice and less oil to assuage the senses of the health conscious. For takeaway, calls are not much of a help, but you will get your delivery within a few minutes of giving order at the counter. Really busy lunch hours, one may have to wait in the lounge to get a seat.
It is the best place to go with your family and enjoy the aroma and taste of the Dum biriyani ( really delicious)..Don't forget to have the lime tea which completes the fooding experience!!
Ajwa is a medium sized restaurant with average ambience and quite good parking space. The biryani served here is very tasty though price is on the higher side. Chicken biryani + 1 piece chicken fry (ordered separately) is a nice combination. I never tried mutton biryani from here but friends says it is equally good if not better.
It's one of the best Thalassery Biriyani you will find in Trivandrum. The quality of rice is awesome and if you order Special mutton/chicken biriyani, you will be provided with plenty of pieces :) There are almost equally good restaurants, but this is a must try if u crave of thalassery biriyani :)
Very simple and limited menu and I like this concept of sticking to what you know and do best. The Biryani is great and the chicken fry was good too. Ambience is so so and service is good. We went early evening so it wasn't too crowded. Food is tasty and value for money.
Had a sumptuous mutton dum biriyani ,taste,aroma,rice,pickles, are the best.Aroma and ghee in the hands tends to linger even after meal and most important to say is the consistency they keep.i often eat biriyani from this place only.however services are below average and the table and the running cloth are always dirty.air-conditioning is average.
The biriyaniatAJWA really tastes great! It is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. They have different types of biriyanis like Chicken, Mutton and Fish. Of these Mutton is the best. They give good quantity also.
If you are looking for the best biriyani in town, dont go else where. This is the right stop. Its the best ever and my favorite. Also get the lemon tea after the food.
Disclosure first - I didnt dine here, but ordered takeout to my hotel nearby. Search for "Best Biriyani in Trivandrum" and Ajwa biriyani comes up first. I loved it when I came here in July and ordered it again this time. Great north malabar biriyani. I wouldr recommend you to try.
Ajwa is a great place that offers affordable biryani and at such large portions! The biryani is good; I wouldn't say it is the best I've had though.  Ajwa is worth a visit especially if you are out with friends, and the menu is quite specialized: it is a Biryani place and biryani you will get. Out of 10, Ajwa deserves a 7 or 8.
The Ajwa Biriyani places is a good place in the Capital City to have authentic Thalasseri Biriyani, at reasonable rates. Parking space provided is also adequate.
This is a true blue Biriyani restaurant which has no intent to masquerade as a multi cuisine restaurant. Biriyani is what Ajwa was known for from the time they started operating in Trivandrum as a take away joint many years ago, and that is primarily what they sell even now. The restaurant on the by pass is where I went, and I must admit that for a Biriyani joint, Ajwa has the right amount of class, quality and attentive and service oriented staff which makes it a place where you want to go again.. Overall, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3.75 perhaps. The value however is above average, considering what you get for the price. The menu has only Biriyanis with the exception of Chicken fry, so it’s easy to decide. The sulaimani tea, which is a typical Malabari accompaniment to the biriyani is very unique and washes down the non-greasy biriyani very well!! Overall a pleasant experience.
The restaurant is at a good location in the city..but it is on a one way road and can be approached from the vazhuthacaud side. The chicken biriyani here costs rs 160 (the minimum) and i found it good. I had high expectations which was however not met.The ambience is also just ok. My family didnot like the biriyani though as they expected something more spicy.
Ambience was good and taste is good. You can taste authentic malabari biryani in this place. Went with some friends as well with my family. Limited varities is a minus point in this restaurant. Taste wise its not that great compared to other biryanis, nonethless value for your money
Ajwa Biriritani is favorite for Talasery Dum Biriyani.. One of the tastiest Biriyani in India. You can enjoy various types of Biriyanis. One of the best biriyani outlet in Trivandrum
The biryani is on par with paragon of calicut. Only place that keeps up the autheticity of a true malabari biryani..
Loved the biriyani here. Not sure which one is better, here or Dhariya when it comes to the taste. But overall Ajwa wins by a large margin. I am not very fond of the Fish Biriyani here, but everything else was awesome.
Ajwa, a very decent place to dine with your family and friends. I would highly recommend to order the Thalassery biryani, which is the speciality of this restaurant. The biryani has a good portion to fill your belly. The restaurant does have good space, the service is very good, no delay (start smiling while serving - suggestion), the pricing is moderate, the one thing which management has to look in to is "The Washroom", it has to be well maintained. A special thanks to the Chef.
I have been to this place on two occasion. I had chicken and mutton biriyani along with chicken fry. i would say both were good. Price is reasonable. Main issue is that they do not have anything other than biriyani. So if you go there, make sure every one wants biriyani.
my experience was poor. the chicken was not fully cooked. i didn't finish it. i will never go there again
It is really tasty ... no words to say ...they do deliver the same to our door steps ... something special
Don't think too much if you are in trivandrum and your palettes crave for fish biriyani. Race to ajwa near panavila for the tastiest variety of biriyanis..
It was very taste biriyani mutton chicken fish available very clean even they er cooking something special not like other biriyani.After food they will supply special lemon tea that will help for ur digestion.Price also reasonable contity is good.
Very good biryani. But a bit overpriced. You can also try out the chicken fry which is also good. They do have home delivery also. Visited ajwa at venpalavattom, bypass
nice malabar biriyani, but dont try to compare it with hyderabad or awadhi biriyani,,the cooking process is different you will get the rich aroma of spices and offcourse loads of dry fruits but the rice and chicken is cooked seperately and mixed there after so its not that typical dum biriyani..but you can try it here..quantity is ok for one..but they have very limited menus mostly the chicken fry and biriyani that can be increased.
As per the name suggests, the Menu is limited to only Biriyanis, but what more do you want when you get served the king of all foods - The Biriyani. Drinks are also limited. But you wont have time or space for it, because you will simple want more of the biriyani. The ghee used in the making of biriyani is of good quality n not dalda like some of the other places, the rice is fluffy n soft, the chicken is even softer. One of the best Biriyani places in Trivandrum. A must visit place for Biriyani lovers.
I never had like this biriyani before.really no word to explain.its so delicious.especially the rice its very small rice not like other biriyani.if u ordering frm ajwa I would like to recommend to have mutton biriyani.
The best part is Hospitality. The smile on their face make us feel go there again. blend of tradition and spices...
Best biriyani in trivandrum.... and the best I have ever tasted....good service..Full value for money :)
Ajwa is located in the highway near to wolksvagen showroom.It is the best place to dine for those who are going to/coming from Trivandrum Airport, shangumugam beach and Kovalam beach. They serve one of the best biriyanis in Trivandrum. The speciality is we get traditional Malabari biriyani here. They dont put curd in their salad for biriyani as it is not allowed to have curd with chicken as per Ayurveda. They serve you a lime tea a.k. Sulainamani, which is the best drink to have after a delicious biriyani.
Quiet easily the best place to dine if you crave a biriyani.. Their fish biriyani is one of the best I have tasted and by the end of the meal your tummy would be just below bursting point.
Extremely tasty biriyani with perfectly even spices to fit the taste buds. I enjoyed eating the mutton biriyani and also tried the chicken fry. The staff and management were extremely friendly. Yes its overated, because they use Ghee instead of normal oil and expensive khaima rice. And the oils are not reused for fries... being an hardcore foodie, i tried convincing manager to get peep in to the kitchen... The perfect pantry..Neat and clean.. recommend to all trusted foodies in the city.
No value for biriyani... Had tastier ones for lesser price ambience was good . Had far better biriyani from alleppy for ₹50& ₹ 60
It is just an average biriyani ,it dont taste great neither it is finger licking kind of stuff. It is not value for money. They charge 200. The biriyani rice is of sub standard quality. There is much hype about the place , that s' all about it. It is really a shame for people from thalassery as it is named after the place which is famous for its cuisine.
i know many people who vouch for ajwa's biriyani. but personally I beleive it is overrated. That doesnt mean its any inferior. But for 250 rupees? I dont think so. Id choose thalassery biriyani durbar at sreekaryam anyday for biriyani
Have been enjoying AJWA's Biriyanis ever since they started operation from a house as a pure takeaway joint. Their Mutton Biryanis are awesome. Now operating as full-fledged restaurant, their limited Biriyani only menu is supplemented by Fired Chicken which is equally tasty. Must complement the management for maintaining the same quality of the food inspite of the business expansion!
Great food - tried the Special Mutton Biriyani. Lamb Pieces were succulent, and the beet-root pickle as an accompaniment complemented the biriyani. Ambience could see improvements however.
I went to ajwa vazhutacaud ob 6th jan 14. I ordered 2 mutton biriyani.i have got 5 small pieces of black hair in that. I showed it to the waiter. He tell me you can say this at cash counter. While paying the bill i talked about this matter. The manager says that its the goat hair, not his cook.it is coming from where the goat is cutting...what we think they are not cleaning it.. and they are also least bothered about my conplaint. My riview is it us not fair. And didnt go there once again for eating muttob biriyani with hair.
Maybe because our expectations was really high we think the Biriyani here was average but still good enough for Biriyani lovers. MUtton biriyani here is the best, Unlucky that we had only chicken biriyani. Ambience and service is nice. Cool place for a Biriyani Rush.
If you're crazy about Biriyani then go for Ajwa.Though the Ala Carte is limited,they are the specialists in Biriyani.  If you want to experience the taste of Malabar Biriyani aka Thalassery Biriyani, then this the best place in the city where you can taste authentic Thalasserry Biriyani. The flavour-taste-ambience is excellent.  They have two outlets in the city one at Panvila Junction and the other in the Chakka -Kazhakoottam byepass road near to Karikkom temple.
Very limited menu. I guess they are marketing themselves as a biryani specialist. However the taste is nothing great. May be it's thalessery style !! I ordered for a mutton dum biryani which I found just ok.the mutton was flavoured on a tomato based preparation. Lots of ghee which made it quite greasy.quantity was good, service was very fast. Ambience was just average. One mutton biriyani costs ₹ 190 all inclusive.
This comparatively new dine-out in Trivandrum on the Chakka-Kazhakkoottam by-[pass serves quality Dum Biriyani. Reasonably spiced, with the right quantity of ghee and oil, th biriyani can be tsted bot during the day or at dinner times. The place is frequented by th techiesfrom the nearby Techno Park as well as persons who reach here from the city-side of Trivandrum for a good dine-out with family and friends.
The biriyani that you get here is just splendid. Feels like going back to the same place every day..
If you like to taste talasery dum Biriyani Choose Ajwa Biriyani . Nice tase. Good service. Clean atmosphere. Little expensive. But you can afford.
A good place for authentic Thalashery biriyani - non-greasy, light and not overladen with spices. What I liked more than the biriyani was their Chicken fry - one portion would be enough for two people and its absolutely yummy. And don't leave without rounding off the meal with the Lime Tea.
Ajwa is one of the best Biriyani huts in Tvpm, they serves only biriyanis and its yummy; the most importantly they serves biriyanis at night too.
A descent option for Thalssery biryani at an affordable rate. Ambiance is nice. A nice place to spend some time with friends or team members.
Even though a vegetarian and Ajwa known for it's Thalasherry Chicken and sea food Biriyani, I did not have any reason to complain about the veg biriyani served here. Even the sauce/chutney served with the biriyani is delicious. At the end of the meal one can order 'Sulaimani' or Lemon tea which brings a wide smile on your face and happiness to the palate. My entire family who are non vegetarians thoroughly enjoyed the variety of biriyani offered at Ajwa.
Keep it simple and give the best... Sometimes a few ingredients with lots of care can give a great product. That's exactly whats happening at Ajwa. Not so filled up menu card, few but very sure items, quick serve and great food. The taste was authentic and din feel unhealthy unlike many other places where the same dish is served. I was amazed that the queue on weekends never ends. Definitely will visit again.
Biriyani is my favorite food and Ajwa has the best mutton biriyani in Trivandrum. The hotel only serves biriyanis (Thallassery style) (veg/ chicken/ mutton/ fish), chicken fry and lime tea. Trust me, its the best in Trivandrum. One mutton biriyani is about INR 190, and the quantity is huge. Three people can ideally share two biriyanis incase you are not very hungry. Finish it off with a sulaimani and your day is made. They serve it all day and they serve it really fast !! :) They also have home delivery and parcel facilities available.
Best malabar biriyani is served with traditional taste and flavor of kerala.nice non vegetarian dishes are available here.
I had biriyani on a working day for lunch with few colleagues. The biriyani was very tasty. Overall the restaurant is quite clean, service is good and the food arrived quite fast! Will visit again for sure!
We were on our way back from Kovalam to Trivandrum and decided to pick up Biryani from here on our way home.We called when we were just about leaving Kovalam (it's a 40 min drive to Trivandrum) and surprisingly,the biryani was still not ready after that time when we came to collect it!We had to wait for nearly 15 minutes more.I was mildly irritated until we got home and ate the Biryani.It was DELICIOUS!!It's a very interesting Biryani,cooked in a different way.The rice is mostly white,although fabulously scented and flavoured,and the masala is concentrated around the generous chicken pieces.You've got to mix it up before eating and wow,it is sooooooooooooo good!!The Biryani comes with a yummy and again.very different beetroot pickle/salad(?).The quantities are huge,two chicken biryanis were more than enough for 3 people!If their take-away service was so slow I can imagine how slow it must be in real time,however the food is delicious and I definitely stopping here and trying the biryani!
We had a good time with ajwa biriyani restaurant with my family. We went for a family tour in the month july we really had a bad experience with the hotel where we have but we really enjoyed our lunch at ajwa. But only problem is foods are cooked in coconut oil and you have to wait bit long to get your food. Otherwise its a good place to enjoy your lunch.
visit early in the after if you want full menu. they have only biriyani and some side dish. if you are late in the afternoon some of the menu items will get over. service could be way better. the only difference between normal and special is having more chicken pieces and rice. their lime tea ( sulaimani) is to die for. ambience is average
There were no sparks nor was there fire in the biriyani that we ordered. It was not a memorable meal. Although the service was some what okay. They serve only biriyani (veg, fish, mutton and chicken). After wards there is lime tea and soft drinks. So not much of a choice. But for a restaurant specialising in biriyani it needs to improve surely and fast.
So finally I decided it was time to taste Thalassery dum biriyani at Ajwa. The place is situated at the first floor and as I was parking outside it was pretty evident that this was a frequented place. The crowd there for takeaway was huge but guess what the service was great. My takeaway of 5 biriyanis was delivered in about 4 minutes. Not famous for its ambience but rather for its food and it definetly lived up to its reputation. Meat (chicken or mutton) was sufficiently served, the taste was good though may be not recommended for anyone who is on a weight watch. Great food and topped up with their special pickle which was too good. Also what was impressive was the take away packing. Can't wait to be there next.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with interesting beetroot pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced. It's relatively small place, very crowded but clean and neat. You may have to wait a while before you get a table. Service is prompt and friendly.
The chicken and chicken special biryani were great. Generous chicken pieces and sumptuous flavored rice. Served with pickles and raita. Only complaint no pappadum. Reasonably priced.
Ajwa serves one of the best Dum Biriyani available at Trivandrum. Let me warn you not to compare the ones you get in Calicut, Cochin Kayees etc and of course the Dindugal Thalappakatties. In Trivandrum if you ask me who gives you the best Biriyani, my answer will be Ajwa (and they get only the second place, the first goes to my wife).
they started this outlet sometime back in udharasiromani road i had briyani at that time from aiwa it was much better than what i had yesterday from the panavila outlet, this outlet have parking difficulty, quantity is huge but taste and quality is not as much, i may not go again
just the way i like my biryani , not too greasy , not too full masala , not too dry , not too spicy ! sit in is just ok ... probably take away would be better ... crowded with simple ambience , but perfect service.. the chicken fry was good too ...
Its the place exclusive for biriyani. Its the best biriyani you can get in Thiruvananthapuram. Although its priced much. Its worth the experience. Also, try the lime tea. Also the bet and cost only Rs. 10.
very good food and theres only biriyani here.priced a little more than elsewhere this is one place u can always go for 'dum' est biriyanis!!!!!!!!!
Being a biriyani enthusiast, i couldn't resist trying out this restaurant after reading all those rave reviews on tripadvisor. I found ajwa biriyani decent, but definitely not exotic as hyped. service and ambience was average.There used to be a place behind tagore theatre which offered better thalassery biriyani for takeaway (dont know whether it exists now).
The ambiance was nice, however, the biriyani was not all that great. Plain Ghee Rice coupled with Chicken Pieces with tomato and masala flavor standing out . Not worth the hype , I think the people who wrote good reviews here have not tasted good biriyani or are trying to please someone. I have had Talasherry Dum Biriyani from many places ,even had a cook drop in from Kannur and prepare the same at several parties which we organized. It had a different taste altogether  In Sreekaryam junction there is one place , I tried it out was quite good . I would recommend that
Trivandrum isn't a food lover's paradise. The fast food counters, deep fries and over spiced preparations are what most places offer.  Ajwa is a pleasant exception. Mutton Biriyani was the best I had in Trivandrum. It is Thalasseri style, there is no overdose of spices, well done meat, perfectly cooked rice. The best part is that the food is pleasant on the tummy.
I fell for the hype and decided to try Was thoroughly disappointed. It is average.. While I was waiting for my order I saw a lot of takeouts and eat-ins. So the place is popular. Maybe eat-ins are more tasty The biriyanis which I bought had lots of white rice in them. Poor mixing. Was tasty.. But I have had way better ones in tvm(there used to be a Malabar restaurant near statue once upon a time which I used to frequent... Also the Azad ones which this fails to beat) This was a let down So I am on the quest to find the perfect place for a good Biriyani in tvm
They do serve good biriyani. But not the best in town. The hype makes me want to give a 3 star but since they do serve good biriyani, I'll go with 4. They serve it hot, fast and in reasonably good quantity.
A different experience for travancore biriyani lovers used to "Azad biriyani".its a bit dry kind, served with dates pickle.Mutton biriyani is worth a try.
Simple and straightforward, go there if you are a hardcore biriyani fan. They got few items on their menu. Quantity is good, more than sufficient. Food is served hot and fast. Staff is ok. There is a hype that they serve the best biriyani in town, i can't really say if that is true, The biriyani i tasted(chicken) was tasty enough, but not the best. But it did satisfy my hunger. The lime tea is very good, quite refreshing. Wish i had ordered their chicken fry. Well maintained place. Very simple. Overall if you crave a biriyani, go ahead, it would be an ideal place. Don't expect anything else.
I heard from many people that Ajwa is the best biriyani in Trivandrum. Went there hoping for a treat. I was hugley disappointed. It was plain and void of any special zing. A strictly average affair.
Good food and great service... This is one of my favourite place to have a Biriyani if i opt to go out with my family for eating out. The food is tasty with optimal use of spices. Very cordial staff who serve quick and serve as per our needs...
100% genuine mutton. If you forget to wash hands with soap, the aroma of mutton will stay for hours. New experience for trivandrum people where they used to trivandrum biriyani containing all nonsense items such as pineapple, rose water etc.
Wow! in Southern part of India only can find the authentic Biriyani in this place if you are huge Biriyani fan, long que but worth waiting and paying money here
Tasty biriyani with best combination of accompanies ...Perfect selection of Khaima rice, soft muttons , and aroma added to the taste.
Look no further...simply the best biryani in town !! The best naadan chicken fry and the icing on the cake is the lime tea !! For all biryani lovers...a must have - once u taste u will forget the other biryanis - guaranteed !!
Britain lovers will surely come back once having good taste! It's good for stomach and won't take you to dizzy like other biriyani
Good biriyani that does not leave you belching and wanting to drink water for ever afterwards; that does not leave any oily after-taste; one that lets you get back to work, if had for lunch or to a normal sleep if had at dinner.
I have been to Ajwa twice. The first time I had Chicken Biriyani and Mutton Biriyani the next time.  I had high expectations of the much hyped Thalassery Dum Biriyani the first time and it was a sheer let down. It tasted different but I like normal biriyani better.  I did not want to go there a second time but my friends insisted on trying the so called special biriyani. That time I had mutton which was actually pretty good.
The restaurent serves only Biriyani, I have tried Chicken Biriyani, Fish Biriyani & Mutton Biriyani during my visits there. All tastes good and i personally liked Fish biriyani a lot. Good quality rice which is adequate on quantity with the right amount of masala. And after biriyani you should try the Sulaimani (lime tea) which is served hot and just right beverage which will make you feel good after a heavy biriyani. Ambience: Neat and clean & is Air-Conditioned. The menu is simple and contains only biriyani. (Have attached a pic). WIthout doubt I would say it is the best Thalaserry Dum biriyani one can find in Trivandrum.
The food was very tasty ...the dinner buffet had a good variety of choices and it was all delicious... the staff were very professional and very welcoming...thank you chef Shahid for taking a good care of your guests and for the excellent cuisine ...
The ambience of this 'ulti-cuisine restaurant attached to Hotel Hycinth in the heart of Trivandrum city is very nice with sufficiently separated seats and advance reservations making it easier. Right from the reservation to the service, it was a pleasant experience. We decided to go for the 'A-la-carte" menu rather than the sumptuous buffet. The fare available were quite good, be it the starters, the soips or the main courses, Our Hostess was quite helpful in choosing our items and guiding us on the correct portions we should order. In fact, the portions were just adequate and enough for the two of us. With valet parking and easy access from the main road driving in and out turned out to be easy. This is one restaurant I will certainly recommend to others and one that we will frequent more often.
Good ambience lovely hindi music made me look around to find most of the tables had north Indians ....our old aunt who turned 82 had a fabulous day at jade . the staff were courteous that she cut the cake there...the Buffet is good especially the mutton preparation was excellent the best to taste in town . just felt they have more spread for vegetarians than us who love otherwise .just four non - veg dishes were there ( mutton, fish , two dishes of chicken and chicken satay which we felt better is served in the streets in almost all cities in far east...there is need to improve on the sause served along ). the spread of salads and dessert were too good. Especially one with orange was it a mousse ?
Had an al a carte dinner and breakfast buffet recently. Freshly prepared tasty food to suit all palates. Good selection of breakfast items both Kerala as well as Western.
Had lunch from Cafe Jade during an official visit and went there with two of my colleagues. We opted for buffet which has a good spread and also we had more appetite since we skipped breakfast. Buffets normally give us a chance to taste more varieties and must say that the buffet at "Cafe Jade" has multiple cuisines in spread; appetizers, breads, soups, rice, side dishes, desserts ..all were really good. The chef must be well experienced, the preparations were authentic. The waiters were always on the move filling each dish and made sure that the guests were comfortable. Though I don't eat much, I tried most of the dishes and as usual had more desserts. Must say that "cafe Jade's" buffet is one of the best in the area since I have been to most of the restaurants on various occasions. The restaurant is well maintained and sufficient parking space is the main advantage. Nice restaurant to dine with family or friends.
The Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner has varieties with good taste in Veg/ Non Veg with Live platform......
stayed in Hyacinth hotel and just popped by Cafe Jade for lunch. Selection was not as overwhelming as on some places, but most everything was very delicious South Indian flavor and had nice unique kick here and there.
Expectations were high. But not up to mark from a five star restaurant. Even the waiter was not familiar with dishes.menu described crispy fried small pieces of lamb and when served large pieces of mutton from a regular stir fry and not at all crispy.bun porotta was a regular porotta squeezed with hand to look like a lump.chef definitely not seroius about his job.if u go for buffet may be ok but dont go for a la carte dishes.waste of money and time.
Dear Guest,  We are truly disappointed to read about your experience with us. At the outset, please accept our sincere apologies for not fulfilling your expectations during your visit at Hycinth Hotels. We hope we have not lost too much credibility and you will give us second chance. We assure you that on your next visit to Hycinth, you will notice a marked change and improvement. All the issues highlighted have been strictly taken up with the team for improvement. We look forward to welcoming you back soon for a truly personalized experience with us.  Warm Regards, Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Ordered a perfectly strong spiced fish curry with Keralan flaky bread. Hot as it should (and still possible to eat for a swede) be with lot of flavour. Not cheap but certainly not overpriced. Quality place with good chefs.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The restaurant people were very helpful with smiling face. But the welcome drink was not fresh. Inadequate seating in the Restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Cafe Jade is located on the ground floor of Hotel Hyacinth next to the Malayala Manorama building Thampanoor on the way to the Trivandrum Central Railway Station. Valet parking service is available. The restaurant has a reasonably comfortable seating and the air-conditioning is comfortable. The buffet offers both vegetarian and non vegetarian options commencing with a soup salads mains and desserts.The salads are very interesting especially the mango pineapple combo. There is an extensive choice of meat fish and chicken dishes as well as good choices for vegetarians the fried okra white stew manioc and aloo jeera deserve special mention.In desserts the guava mousse upside down pineapple mini jamun were excellent. A must visit for a casual and unhurried lunch/dinner.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Went there for lunch will greet u with a welcome drink then soup followed by main course They have neatly arranged seperate veg and nonveg counters Though the varieties are less, fud tasted good both indoor or outdoor seating available They do have a live counter where roti, nan, rice cake is made good salad counter with deserts too nice staff courteous behaviour There is NO word in there dictionary They will provide you surprises on occassions
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
A nice place. Outdoor has mosquito problem. Costly for the service offered. Taste is just 4/5. Expected More. The service is good. The restroom (common for hotel) is not good though
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We visited Hyacinth when Kuttanadan food fest was going on at the restaurant. The selection was superb with a good variety of Kerala dishes. The restaurant is neat and clean with an excellent ambiance. A good place for a family get-together or to have some wonderful time with friends.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
One reason staying at Hycint is to have a royal break fast , It’s classy , Puttu and Kadala or fish , yummy ❤️❤️ , this is the second time staying in this hotel in a weeks time
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
Food quality was excellent. But buffet rates are a little bit costly. May be being a business class hotel the rates are high. Very good service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
During our stay at Hycinth, tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner.Good variety of food and tastily done.Would certainly recommend.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
We were there last week . Very good service & tasty food. Valet service is available. Except veggie sizzler all other food we ordered were very good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
I rate Cafe Jade 5 stars. The staff are amazing, friendly , caring and professional.The food is extremely good with a very large selection. The breakfast buffet is wonderful as is the lunch and dinner buffet and all for a good price.Indoor and outdoor seating is available. A welcome drink is given on arrival.I really love this restaurant. Also a packed breakfast was provided on our day of departsure and also a selection from the buffet breakfast was brought to our room when I was too sick to come down. Thank you all for your kindness
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
It's has very comfortable atmosphere and staffs all very friendly and helpful. Food is good but very less choice.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  Sandeep Sharma General Manager
The staff is excellent. Great selection of food. I stayed there for three days and ate all my meals there.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I visited this place for dinner with my family. I chose this place as it had good ratings. But my experience here did not reflect the rating of this place. First of all, the table which is supposed to accomodate 4 people is extremely small and felt very conjusted. There was barely space for the plates and the dishes. Secondely the waiting time was extremely long. When we arrived, a bit early, the place was not crowded and many tables were empty. Even then all the orders, from starters all the way till the dessert took really long time. Took us close to 2.5 hours to finish our meal. Even the coffee took 15 minutes to come. Everytime a new staff will come to our table totally oblivious of what we ordered, and we had to repeat the order. While we chose ala-carte, we did go through the buffet items. At 999 plus taxes, the items on offer were very less and nothing special. For the same rate or even lesser, you get a lot more variety and better service at many other hotels, including in metro cities like Bengaluru, where I currently stay. The items which we ordered in ala-carte were an extreme let down for the exorbitant prices they charged. For example the "Nasi Goreng" felt like fried rice randomly mixed up with some sauces. I have had authentic Nasi Goreng from Bali, and this fails badly in comparison. Even the portion sizes of some items like the "Stuffed Chicken Steak" were extremely small for the price. The starters were nothing special either. The only saving grace were the desserts. Over all I would say this place is extremely over priced for what they offer.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Couldn’t find fault with the food at all here - staff very welcoming especially considering we were not staying at the hotel, just dining. Had a few drinks in the bar and then went for the buffet option. It isn’t the cheapest dining experience but fantastic food, lovely service and would return again!  Good range of veggie and meat options and puddings, and the bar upstairs is very nice with excellent staff and cheap beer , hard to find in Kerala
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hotel is one of the best in town. The food quality and taste is excellent. I would like to share two of my experiences. I went to this place with my family. My niece is just a year old and she was creating a mess.... But the Hotel staff stepped forward and were playing and pacifying here till we finished our dinner... Also one of the ordered menu was bit spicy but they immediately changed it and made it milder and served us. Had a wonderful time.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
the Kappa was stale, but to avoid embarrassment we kept quiet. The food wasnt exceptional. It was just ok
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous multi-cuisine lunch/dinner. Experienced, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous staff. Had to over-eat due to the awesome delicacy. Great overall experience. Definite re-visits guaranteed. Greatly recommended......
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Wonderfull exp in the hotel , The best 5 star in Tvm very supreme welcome by security officers and reception crew, specially mr parthan taking care well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a very good sandwich, big and very tasty at Jade Cafe during my stay at Hycinth hotel. Also, the breakfast was good with lots of choice, continental, indian with many different dishes, good coffee, fruits, different bread and pastries, eggs, chicken and sausages...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We have been here before for dinner and lunch as well, and this time for breakfast. The spread is south Indian and of high quality. This time around they had local 'nair' tea as a special serving, and it was great. We measure quality of south India food by the softness of the idlis. This restaurant passed the test with flying colours.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Our stay in this hotel was the best ever we had and very nice and clean property, courteous staff and good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Just as the title says. Everything is mediocre. Service, food and options. Nothing spectacular. We stayed for a couple of days and did not find anything above average.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had dinner one evening at Cafe Jade. The ambience was great and staff were attentive, helpful and kind. Food took quite a while to arrive but was of a high standard. We ordered 2 types of vegetarian pizzas, 2 veg pastas and a chicken tikka sandwich. The highlight of our meal was the starter, which was a chef's speciality (a banana dish with chilli and honey). The desserts (tiramisu and apple pie) were average at best. Prices reflect the fine dining experience but value for money overall.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant is one for having your food in a relaxed manner with good ambience. The spread can be a little more elaborate I thought.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food, the service and the location all make for a wonderful dining experience. I ate there three nights and breakfasts, and each visit i found new and tasty dishes to choose from. I stayed with the buffet, but you can choose individual dishes as well.  Top notch service is what you will find, dinning staff are attentive and very accommodating. As for price, you can expect to pay around 15-18 US dollars for your meal.  I was surprised to find out that they don't have a liquor license so one can't get a drink. That said, I was informed that within the next few months, liquor would be available.  The Cafe is located within the Hycinth hotel, in Trivandrum.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Restaurant over here provides you excellent Buffet.All the staff ( especially Ashish) over here are very courteous. I went over there after reading the rating of TripAdvisor. Whenever I will visit Trivandrum I would like to come to this restaurant.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
This is the in-house cafe of Sparsa hotel, Trivandrum. Try the buffet, both veg and non-veg options are delicious. Worth the money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe jade is a great place to dine at.Very clean and the hygiene standards are great.The food and service provided are brilliant.Lots of variety to choose from .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Thay provide the best budget buffet in town. Very nice place with live music on the weekends. I enjoyed the music as well as the delicious food from Caffe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Celebrated b'day of my kids here. Number of guests : 60+ (Cafe jade+ Banquet Hall) One of the best places in Trivandrum for such party of 50-100, sincerely recommend it to all.  Why great Well Managed - The entire guest and myself as a Host feel taken care of . The team @ hotel were very supportive and as a host everything from Banguet hall to cake to restaurant all was set up perfectly.  Food - As usual very good( I have been here several times, and always food is very good . That is why I hosted the party here)  Biggest plus - They don't frown when you try to negotiate on price or ask for some freebies or some relaxation in terms , they understand host needs and try to meet the same.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb food. Amazing and friendly staff. Nice choice as well. Must have buffet lunch, mag be a little expensive bit the food is worth it.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Fabulous buffet, made special by very attentive staff! Good choice, varying every night, caters for vegetarians and carnivores alike!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The ambience, food and politeness of the staff were all excellent. It was a tad expensive, but altogether a memorable experience.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a good experience with this hotel stay. The food was good and the service was good. The rooms were clean. But no wash clothes.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
visited this beautiful restaurant for the first time, and i must say taht i have been impressed with the service and as well as food. went for a lunch with my partner and imagine they have surprised us with a beautiful decorated table. To name a few Mr. Ivan Thomas, truely a gem to the restaurant and Mr. Ajmal are there to sort anything out for you. Truely a wonderful experience. Looking forward to visit again shortly, thank you team Cafe Jade.!!!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My first visit to the restaurant and i am very impressed with the food and service. Sizzler was excellent as well as other dishes. Everyone enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks. Will visit again
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The best thing about this place is that its 24x7... For all the night birds out there, if you want some quality food in the wee hours, this is the place for you :) The staff is good and food is made to order. Even the buffet here is very awesome... Love the variety they have here. Keep up the good work.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited Cafe Jade for a lunch buffet with my parents, sister & family. The food & ambience is good and the staff is courteous. An improvement that I can suggest is better response to feedback. There were no spoons or bowls at the dessert section of the buffet. Inspite of repeated reminders by my mother, all that the staff did was acknowledge her feedback and not do anything about it! Every-time we had to ask them for a bowl or spoon. For this very inconvenience I give them a 3/5 instead of 4
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
cafe jade is one of most expensive restaurant in trivandrum , but the service,quality of food and the ambience in this restaurant is worth spending the money . thanks for a nice lunch
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Cafe Jade is the most cosy restaurant in Trivandrum. Elegantly furnished with a modern twist for business meetings as well for an ultimate hangout. Food is exceptional delicious which lingers in your palette for a long time. Service and ambiance is nice. classic hangout for everyone. breakfast, lunch and dinner is worth it. Its always so nice to dine out at Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited with my family in June. This was my second stay at Hycinth. Happy with Cafe Jade restaurant Service and nice food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It is a neat clean restaurant. The staff are very polite and courteous. We had a buffet lunch here. The buffet lunch is worth the charge. It costs Rs. 699.00 per head + taxes. They have a good variety of food. The spread is just right, not too many dishes. The food tastes good and worth eating here. The decor is nice. This restaurant is part of the Hycinth Hotel.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We regularly visit Cafe Jade during the night. Its open 24 hours and the staff is very welcoming and pleasant. Food is good. I havent tasted much varieties there because we have only gone there during night hours and the night menu is limited.. After watching a movie (second show) if you want to grab a quick cup of coffee and cake , This place is really good and I prefer Cafe Jade over the other 24-7 open cafes in trivandrum for its customer friendliness , prompt service and cost .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience at hycinth was awesome. Hats off to the management and staff of hycinth. I would recommend hycinth to those who love to eat delicious food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Next time kindly give me the entire bill and reduce the spices in Cherianadu chicken curry. Other wise all good. Very good customer service.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Stayed at Hycinth for five nights and ate in this restaurant each evening. The service and food was excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Menu lacks variety. Cannot be having the same menu for breakfast everyday. Service promptness was superior
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed at the hotel and had my dinners at the Café Jade.  I tried it twice, and on both times it was very nice. The buffet offered a variety of dishes that I could choose from being an Arab, usually majority of dishes served elsewhere would be purely Malayali dishes, but this one had lots of different varieties, and all tasted really good.  The service was very good, and the prices were somewhat ok.  Many thanks to Mr. Nikilesh for his attentive service, and professionalism ... he looked after our table.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Enjoyed the food and well serviced. Nice music back up and great ambience. Sure to make it very often
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Visited the restaurant on V-day and there was a special buffet with Love theme. Most of the dishes were carved in the heart shape and it was lovely. The staff made the experience personal by offering each couple a cake cutting of their own.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 7 days stay. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast and continental food also. Didn't get time to have dinner n lunch coz of our busy schedule. Friendly environment.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
during march 10 - 12 .03 .2017 ,we ten guest has taken foods .all we admired ! perfect coordination in all
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
tried the buffet dinner on arrival and a la carte the next day lunch. lovely food and a good choice of menu. the breakfast buffet also was having a good large selection of food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Really nice buffet options for lunch and lot of varieties to choose from. The staff was very well behaved and cooperative we being with a kid!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice place to visit. This restaurant id inside Hycinth Hotel and offer both Indian & continental food. Food is good & service is quick.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A nice restaurant in Hotel Hycinth. Many varieties of food are available here. Staff was very courteous. High chairs are also available for infants.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The restaurant has a great choice of indian and other specialities. The ones we had were very tasty and of excellent quality. Unfortunately, the restaurant is a dry place and you have no chance to drink a beer or a glass of wine. The dinner service does not start before 7 p.m. and you can eat a la carte or choose the buffet. In case you don't like conditioned air you can eat outside but you will need some mosquito protection. Overall, we were quite happy with everything ecxept for the bill which was on the high side. Of course a large chunk of it is taxes. So the Government of India sits with you at your table and enjoys as well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I went with my family . This restaurant is in Hotel Hycinth . I orders Chinese dishes especially. Good food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
My brother was on a visit from the US and the family decided on Hotel Hycinth's Cafe Jade Restaurant which is situated on the ground floor of the 5 star hotel. As one would expect, the ambience was great and to our delight there was also live music. A male karaoke singer provided the entertainment by singing old Kishore Kumar and Kumar Sanu hits and we hummed along as we waited for our food. Our food took a while but we did not mind the waiting because of the very accomplished karaoke performance. We had ordered largely North Indian vegetarian cuisine which was quite good except for the fact that it was all a little too 'chilly hot' for my brother.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Cafe Jade is a first-class restaurant, and well worth a a visit whether you are a guest at the Hycinth or staying elsewhere. Great selection at the breakfast buffet, to suit all tastes. Excellent Indian and western cuisine for lunch and dinner. The service is excellent - warm and cordial - from all the staff. I always look forward to my meals at Cafe Jade.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had breakfast here during our 1 day stay in Trivandrum. Service here is very fast and smooth they offer very wide range of dishes, dosa and omlet in breakfast. Don't get time to had dinner here due to my schedule but will try if get chance in future to stay in Trivandrum again.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Abbiamo scelto questo meraviglioso locale per festeggiare il compleanno di mia moglie: mai scelta fu piùazzeccata. Il locale, situtato dentro un bellissimo albergo, Hycinth. Una buona atmosfera e una notevole selezione di piatti a prezzi interessanti rendono Cafe Jade una delle migliori scelte a Trivandrum. Ma su tutto brilla la professionalità dello staff, primo fra tutti Ashutosh che con le sue premure ci ha fatto sentire a casa. Esperienza da ripetere.  We have chosen this wonderful place to celebrate my wife's birthday: I think it's the best choice we ever did. The place is located within a very beautiful hotel, Hycinth. A good atmosphere and a very good selection of plates with a right price level make Cafe Jade one of the most attractive place in Trivandrum. But the highlight is the staff attitude: first of all Ashutosh, very kind and extremely attentive; his proficiency make us feel right at home. We will return for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The grilled sandwich was full of chicken with its authentic flavours with the right combination of white sauce the green leaves..great choice for a light dinner..especially before your journey back home..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good experience while having the dinner and also very good place for breakfast. the hospitality is very good along with the food
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a team lunch on a weekday. Nothing to complain but nothing to remember either. The main course spread was minimal. A little more variety would have made it much better. Desserts were good. Service was courteous and prompt.
The food is excellent - - variety of vegetarian, fish and meat dishes. A la Carte menu is also good and if you need the food to be less spicy, they will prepare it for you.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good food, good service staffs were all very attentive to your needs little down on variety (hence the 4 stars) other than that everything else was nice. Totally money's worth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We went for brunch (available on Sundays only), costing almost Rs. 1250/- per pax. Pros: 1. Spacious 2. Good ambience 3. Acceptable level of hospitality, which is quite rare in Trivandrum restaurants 4. Good choice of food items - mutton curry, sea food curry - which are almost never seen in the common buffets 5. Very delicious food 6. Live counter of parathas and chats Cons: 1. Live music of high volume, which can be damaging for the ear 2. No wash room near the restaurant 3. Very costly. Be ready to indulge in food for quite a long time if you wish to utilise the money you have paid to the maximum
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I wanted to review this separately just because the chef here makes some really nice food. The cake that he made at a short notice was just out of the world and also helped up with customizing some of the dishes which were not in the menu, also the food in the menu was really good!! Kudos to the chef!!
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great lunch with my family members. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Got a great deal from the manager as well, thank you.  On a hot day, I would have loved to have a cold beer, unfortunately no alcoholic drinks are served here.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I liked the property. The purple colors. Staff are very helpful. Food is also good. However, the continental food is not up to the mark and authentic.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
we were staying in the same hotel. outstanding service.outstanding people.very co-operative. the manager was amazing.helped us so much with a child.  amazing food.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have to say the interior was clean and modern and the presentation was wonderful. There was such a huge variety from toast to pastries to idli to vadas to puttu to cereal. Everything was nicely labeled so that you could make appropriate decisions. The staff was all very nice and helpful to bring u over fresh dosas or eggs or masala tea.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I have been staying at this hotel for over 2 weeks and still continuing. Every evening of mine has been an extravaganza,thanks to cafe zade....their everyday buffet are full of variety,taste and delicacies coupled with the delightful service..salute to them for maintaining the standards. It must be a herculean task to sustain the kind of exotic ingredients that they use,especially in a non metro and sleepy place like trivandrum..I m amazed to see the motivated team to serve you round the clock..esp Mr Rajesh, Mr Santosh and Mr Ashutosh are dedicated professionals,among others...it's a must visit place to satiate your appetite when you are in trivandrum".
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a food lover and always make it a point to give my feedback after any dine outs. I was at Cafe Jade to celebrate my wife's birthday and the experience has been really fantastic. The food, service of the staffs, ambience and live music. The spread of food was good, with fishes, mutton and chicken biriyani (Non Veg being my interest area) with live counter including tea and snacks. The courtesy of the staffs is specially to be made note of and I must also thank Rajesh, the restaurant manager, who made my wife's birthday really special by coordinating it really well. He also summed it up with a surprise gift. Though its a bit pricey, would recommend it though.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food served tastes really good. The best aspect would be the hospitality of the staffs who served there. Good restaurant but a bit overpriced.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Have visited this joint at various times of the day and in spite of the shift changes the hospitality remains at the highest level. Their buffet and their À la carte menus have a high quality which is probably difficult to match in the city of Trivandrum. Put together the experience is constantly pulling you back there with friends and family. Each visit is satisfying and would recommend it to anyone visiting Trivandrum from Break fast to a midnight snack we have never been disappointed.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Hospitality I felt amazing and the food is just delicious me and my family really enjoyed dinning Special mention to the manager Mr.Rajesh and the superviser around Mr.Jayakumar they are great people who always willing to to serve and enquires about the comfortness which we made us really delighted
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I am a frequent traveler; so I can say with conviction that most of the restaurants in Hotels do not live upto the expectations and especially the 'free' breakfast! But Hycinth and Café Jade was a revelation. The food, the service, the staff - everything was spot on. If I had any gripe, that would be the HVAC in the restaurant, which needs a lot of improvement as the last thing I want is to smell like kitchen when I walk out of a restaurant. Apart from this, I find no fault at all and I recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates quality, period.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Exceptional service and really friendly . The food is awesome . Ambience is good . Good location . Their desserts are really good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
One of the best hangout place in trivandrum. ... Love the ambience , food and hospitality The buffet is an highlight with a menu that leaves your mouthwatering even after your tummy is full... A special mention should be delivered for the top chefs who are willing to slavour your palate with different cuisines, best staff .... Its always delightful to be @Cafe Jade
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Ambiance very good Clean and tidy ,cleanness is outstanding Service excellent,cordial Food tasty and fresh
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We stay for three days Very good rooms and good hospitality very easy to access restaurants really fine
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had buffet with my family. Came back with only partial satisfaction. Service is very good. So is the ambience. But the buffet spread is not much to my liking; more oriented towards desserts, I felt. The paani-puri counter is a change from the usual.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Good place , intimate atmosphere and exceptional food make this an excellent spot. The staff are attentive and very humble, its real good value for money.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Such an awesome place !! food is exceptionally tasty, great ambience...nice experience..lavish spread of delicacies..superb.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The experience was good especially the food. Ample amount of cuisine. Good non veg, nice table experience and they always make sure that you are taken very well.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Pleasant ambiance and tasty fare. Both the buffet and the a la carte were just as good. We ate here at least 3 or 4 times during our stay and they had enough variety to offer. The biryanis are especially good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I had a pleasant dining experience on 21st May, 2016. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm welcome with birthday cake. The main course were traditional with the most exquisite flavours, all the products were fresh. The restaurant also catered a large selection of salads and desserts. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy, live music and was comfortably full with seemingly satisfied customers. I have seen F&B Manager interacting with all, he discussed with my family in detail for their feedback indicating they take great care in hosting their patrons. I highly recommend Cafe Jade @ Hycinth.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had a dinner with family. The food was tasty & good that we ordered on a la carte. The setvice was wonderful.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a great dinner at this hotel and found the service very good. Food was very tasty and the variety was good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We had buffet dinner and buffet break fast when we stayed in the hotel.. There was a lot of varities. Food was very tasty..
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
well organised plàce in city ...everything nearby in d market...great food ...good hospitality by people of Hycinth
One of the good hotel in Trivandrum. Was waiting for long for the Oriental feast. And it was worth. The lay out was simply awsome. The variety offered was really great. With the number of items on the menu for both Veg and Non Veg was fantastic. Could not ask for more. Taste and preparation cannot be explained in words. The ambiance was good. Service and looking after guests was great. A great experience. Looking forward for next fest
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
A great place to dine in. Celebrated my dad's birthday there . A cake was brought in by surprise and a gift was also given to my dad!! It was the Oriental Themed Buffet, with an excellent spread and must mention the food was fantastic. The staff was very courteous and kept checking with us regularly if we needed anything.Would like to thank Mr Sunil Yeluri who introduced us to this Hotel and restaurant and also patiently helped us to all our needs. Mr Santosh Sinha, the Assistant F&B Manager, his hospitality was excellent. Felt like a VVIP guest. Our overall experience went beyond our expectations. Once again a big thank you to the wonderful staff for their fantastic service with smiles. Would definitely recommend to visit this restaurant .
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
It's definitely a wonderful place to dine out with the family. Food was perfect. As though made to order. The staff was the plus point here. Very professional and courteous. Ambience in the hotel was another great aspect. Will definitely go there again with family.
Dear Mr. Joseph,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback.  We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the Hycinth By Sparsa, Trivandrum.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I stayed in this hotel for 2days. It was a great stay there. The food was good and I can truely say that being a North Indian. The WiFi was way too fun as the speed of it was 10mbps.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
All the team of Mr. Jeyakumar was there to win our smiles. Everything was very good beyond expectation.it was truly a memorable trip. Thanks to hycinth and cafe jade.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
nice restro with live music, and very huge selection of buffet. they have the al a carte as well but i wed def recommend the buffet as it provides value for money. staff service is exceptional. def trying.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Breakfast is very good for north indian and south indian.there are multiple choise for breakfast.cold drinks are also included in breakfast
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
According to its a one of the best Cafes in India. Very Very helpful and eversmiling staff. Very good quality and variety of food. Everyone should enjoy the hospitality atleast once. I will visit again and again there.
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food and ambience was amazing.. loads of food on the special sunday brunch!!! Live music was like the cherry on top of a cake.. thanks!!
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The hotel provides a very comfortable stay..the staff is very courteous...overall a perfect stay to enjoy gods own country Kerala..
Dear Mr Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff is amazing. . hotel is also well versed . . they gave complimentry cake nd celebrate our anniversary. . it was heart touching.. Thanks for all the efforts u hv done. . nd ur team was excellent
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Staff was very helpful and friendly ,the food was good and the price was average . The buffet had a nice variety but the deserts were not that great
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Had a wonderful time, want for a family get together, Cafejade made it best and unforgettable. Had best food after a long time. You can get best north and kerala dishes. Will visit again for sure.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The view of restaurant was awesome. i came with my family n enjoyed the food as well as the cheering face of all the staff. Met with the Man came to know why staff is so cheerful. All my wishes to all staff . THANKSSS...
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Food is available all day from breakfast to dinner, the business lunch buffet is first class and the surroundings very good.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Superb taste with all variety of breakfast menu. Not able to taste all. Excellent services by their team and nicely maintained
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The Buffet for Lunch & dinner offered by Hycinth is Total Value for Money. There is a dedicated Chef who moves around to check the feedback & they run an extra mile to ensure Guest delight. The South Indian dishes & desserts were excellent.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I used to dine here during my 2 week stay here. Apart from that, we've had our business meets here. I've dined from Cafe Jade multiple times. They mostly serve excellent food. I like the kind of desserts they come up with as well. They had always made sure that they have a multitude of cuisines to suit people from different places.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We dined here for majority of our stay in Trvandrum about eight times over bfast and dinner. The live counters were interesting and the spread was sumptuous. Chef Padmanabhan tossed an interesting mixed veg Indian concoction on request. The chocolate pastry dessert on request was also delicious as compared to the regular spread. Makes more sense to go in for Buffet breakfast as compared to A la Carte. Though I heard another guest complaining that the Bfast non-veg fare was very limited. The south Indian fare was delightful comprising Idly, Dosas, Uttappas Vadas are the things to experiment wight he assortment of Chutneys (Flavouring pastes).
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
food average but service n ambiance above par....could try if staying at Hycinth.its the restaurant at hycinth. breakfast is good enough but lunch n dinner are average.could try some better options nearby.
I had the lunch buffet (499 R) at Cafe Jade today and was very happy with my experience. They have a wide selection of options from salads, soups, veg options, non veg, breads, and dessert. I enjoyed the quality and taste of the food as well as the cleanliness and service within the restaurant. The staff are helpful and replenish as well and maintain the buffet area. I find access to fresh raw vegetables really difficult in India because of hygiene concerns so I was so happy to finally get some fresh vegetables without worrying if I was going to get sick. I'm looking forward to my breakfast at Cafe Jade tomorrow morning.
Me and family tried all three available buffet in the restaurant - breakfast, lunch and dinner. Our response was same - food is marvelous and service even better. They will pamper you and if you have kids - they will be pampered even more. Food has great variety - South Indian, North Indian and Continental. Staff speaks good English, Hindi and Malayalam and they are eager to help in selecting food and explaining them. Taste of food is great and all things were fresh. Wonderful place to have food. Only down side is cost is on bit higher side.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
I really liked the staffs there very polite and courteous good food , dinner buffet slightly expensive ambience good
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
See my review of Hycinth Hotel for more complete details: Cafe Jade is an excellent restaurant, certainly worth a visit.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Starting with huge breakfast buffet, also lunch and dinner buffet and all day à la carte dining. Very good kitchen, extremely friendly staff.  Dishes from different parts of India and all over the world.  Great atmosphere etching the garden.  Didn't want to leave this fantastic hotel at all.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
The food was awesome & the staff were too pleasant.I hope i visit again very shortly. Can recommend it very highly.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
Very efficient and helping staff. Food varieties must be increased which will further add on the the overall very excellent experience of the hotel
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
We recently visited Cafe Jade with family. The restaurant is small for families with children. The menu has a good choice of dishes with some exotic ones. The staff are friendly . There was also an in house singer . The only issue we had was that the portions were quite small  Overall a good option
fairly nice buffet with a wide selection of dishes. i thought 'australian egg' was decidedly exotic. it's a new restaurant in a new hotel, and the ambiance and the service were good. we were a party of six, and the kids liked the big screen LCD tvs, the men were quite pleased with the meat dishes, and the women liked the desserts, except a chocolate pudding which was not great.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
